Hamlet (Maurizio Millenotti)
3. Eightball and MJG - Throw Your Hands Up
That article which reports on how radioactive waste is being sold to the industry to salt road for melting snow also makes this point:
‘Shotgun Wedding in the Ribcage of the Bourgeoisie’ (9), ‘Ronald Regan Brought Me to this Country – Me and the Anti-Abortion Movement’ (29), ‘I Write Like a Girl, You Read like You’re in the Closet’ (68).
The redacted portions also refer to licensing deals that Apple struck with other high-tech companies over one of its key patents. Issued in December 2008, the patent covers the method of scrolling documents and images on Apple’s touch-screen devices.
i have no faith in humanity
Monsters and Critics.com
“Some lessons can’t be taught. They must be lived to be understood” Elektra 2005
When Mouse does events, being remarkable pays off. Not only is he extremely friendly and outgoing, he knows how to work a crowd. Note: I didn't teach him any of this. When people start walking by his donation jar, he looks at them with sad pathetic eyes. When they show interest, he wags his tail just a bit. When they come up to him, he goes full fledge into shameless mode pushing his donation jar towards them. Not only is he remarkable, he loves to make friends. It has been said that Mouse should do social media, because the basic premise it to make friends. Mouse is an accomplished friend maker.
Both, depends on the genre and poetry inspiration too.
Our people, our territories and our futures are not for sale and I am not willing to trade my inherent rights for ANY organization. AFN has a choice - it has to be relevant to First Nations or it will fade into oblivion like CAP did.
Last night I had a spark of genius! Genius I say! After a moment of “I sure hope this works” Chicken crusted with nuts. Yeah, that’s not new. But it was mixed nuts. Emerald Sweet and Salty Cinnamon Sugar Roasted nuts. Yeah, really hoped it would work. And ooo boy it did. Had it on a salad with cranberries and Strawberry Vinaigrette. It was delicious plain. And I bet it’d be great with rice or meifun and some peppers and other veggies for something Thai. And it want it, now.
HM Prison Service is bidding for the 15-year contracts to run all the jails in partnership with Mitie Group, an outsourcing and energy services company. But the decision by the probation trust to sign a “teaming agreement” with G4S is believed to be unprecedented and appears to have taken the justice ministry by surprise.
Sort of.
When I got to the drugstore, I was overwhelmed by the selection of bandaids…who knew that there were so many options!?
In this book Lonely Planet are offering you the chance to bring street food into the kitchen. On one level this is absurd; it’s not street food if you cook it at home. It’s about as far from authentic as you can get. Otherwise though, it’s a brilliant idea; I still fantasise about Vietnamese Pho ten years on from travelling, and now I can cook my own. This is an evocative and mouthwatering cookbook. It even serves as as travel book. There are many dishes in here that make me want to visit countries I have never thought about going to, such as the Chivito al Pan from Uruguay.
I am super duper busy today, because we're leaving to see our grama Heather, who lives in Park City, Utah.
In verses 5 and 6, John exhorts this good lady to continue obeying Christ’s commandment to love one another, echoing his public letter in 1 John.
when your son throws a temper tantrum
Personally I feel I see newer and newer faces every year which occassionally makes me wonder how many long time neighborhood residents drop in. After all the while Habana Outpost is relatively new (opened in 2005) and there is a history of this sort of eclectic mix of social interaction (food, movies, flea markets) in Brooklyn culture in general and Fort Green/Bed Stuy in particular. For example the West Indian Day Parade and to a slightly smaller degree the African Street Festival have provided a mix culture, food and social atmosphere for over 35 years in Brooklyn and while I see residents from Fort Green and Bed-Stuy at those events I feel like I don't see as many of those locals at the newer great establishments like Habana. It makes me wonder if long time residents feel as inclined to drop in as I do.
Goucher has an artsy and comsmopolitan feel. Students seem happy, but weren't as openly friendly as those at Earlham. As visitors, we felt welcome, not awkward, walking through campus.
As fun as it may be to imagine the birth of a viscous Texas Tea style that could show up among the BJCP categories one day, that simply ain't how we brew 'em here. Dark as supercells though they may be, the offerings by Rahr and Shiner couple a great roasty bite with climate-appropriate drinkability. These are very much beers of their place.
Slide the page into the paper bag journal pocket and enjoy! The tab should stick out and the bead should be visible as well. Once more pocket pages are added, all that dangles creates a beautiful effect.
Losing to North Carolina and San Diego State is not exactly embarrassing, but the streak also includes losses to Dartmouth (a traditional cellar-dweller in the Ivy League), Georgia Southern, and Columbia (another Ivy opponent). Elon has struggled putting the ball in the basket in those five games, as it has not shot better than 36% from the field in any of them. The Citadel needs to make sure that trend continues.
What they DON’T write in the book, is to stick the dough in the freezer until it gets hard enough to scoop, because I didn’t know to do that, and my cookies were falling apart when I dropped them on the tray. And I was tired, and annoyed, and I had a baby tantrum lol.
DB: No, I definitely did NOT say "Thai girl." I said "tiger."
160 printed pages = 40 sheets, 80 impression.
Brighton is one of the UK’s most famous seaside towns – it’s quite large so it’s probably a city – on the South coast of England, around an hour from London it’s the place where capital dwellers desperate for a more laid back lifestyle tend to decamp. It has all the charm of a Georgian seaside set up with all of the sophistication demanded of a crowd used to the delights of London.
But we never got to see those thanks to Augusta National and its influence with the FAA.
My lawyer nodded in agreement.
Now, for us, excessive practice of concepts is busywork. My kids grasp & master concepts quickly. Once they master something, they don't need or want much review. So, we don't do extra pages of Math problems, unless they need it. I often have Jay do only part of a page of his Math, once he has proven mastery of the concepts covered. If he doesn't do a good job on the page, he has to redo the incorrect problems and do extra problems for the needed practice. As long as he's doing them properly, though, I see no reason to make him to unnecessary work. Dea only has to do the odd numbers on her Algebra assignments (it's a college text, so the lessons have anywhere from 70 - 130 problems).
This puts them under his control and makes them dependent for more handouts in order to live a life that far exceeds the level of luxury of a normal politician.
Unleavened bread- Matzoh is called the "bread of Affliction" because it recalls the unleavened bread they prepared for a hasten escape by night from Egypt. Three large matzohs are broken and eaten during the ceremony.
Little bit scary.
The service was in cafeteria style so there is not much to comment on other than the line servers and cashier were very friendly. As a pesca-tarian it would be hard for me to visit often as the ONLY choices that weren't meat were tuna sandwich and tuna salad from what I could see. But I will have to come back for my Dad's sake as this is the kind of food he grew up on and I never cook.
blogger has the bilkies at the moment and i hope they fix it soon.
Simon and Simon was a Detective Comedy/Drama that aired on CBS from 1981-1989.
Yesterday I was busy trimming up some overgrown holly bushes in prep for some new front yard landscaping then I was moving moss. YES...MOSS! I FREAKING LOVE MOSS and with the mild cool winter I have an abundance of it. so i've been painstakingly moving it from one location to the gaps in my interlocking brick sidewalk at the other side of the house. I have some natural growing moss in those gaps but i want EVERY gap filled. It is crazy sometimes the things I enjoy that occupy my time.
Why is it that you don’t have an off button? I’d even settle for a dimmer switch..
Next to them was a lady who works at the City Club and who was wearing some impossibly high heels.
Reptile Gun fun IS
Richard Butler and his henchmen?
In February 1848 the government of King Louis-Philippe I collapsed and a liberal provisional government declared the Second Republic. Two months later, the anti-slavery campaigner Victor Schoeler and president of the commission for the abolition of slavery oversaw the passage of the decree to end slavery in French territories for the second time. The first article read:
16.07.08 CA Montreal, La Sala Rossa
The album begins with a storyline that you have to read (you don’t need to if you don’t want to follow the story the songs are telling and just want to relax and enjoy the music). I don’t want to get into the back story as it is long but you can find all the stories from the Christmas trilogy and the bands other releases here: http://trans-siberian.com/.
so what might be madisoncary’s early birthday wish?
We would like recess to be 10 minutes longer. Why you may ask? Let me explain. So we can have more exercise. So teachers have more time to plan. So we can burn off all our energy and we will be calm and quiet. We will learn how to share and learn more skills. The teacher will have more time to check our work. We have 10 more minutes to have fun. We would be the most popular school in the world if we had 10 more minutes to play outside."
And then I go back to sleep.
NLP can be applied in all these ways but never forget that the essence of NLP is modelling. It's about the skill and attitude of unpacking the structure of what people do (the process) and discovering whatever proves useful from that.
that of autos) 24.9 64.1
Overall Rating: 3/5
I'm looking forward to incorporating this image into the assemblage-book. I found that I have a real affinity for the trickster and am curious to see what the finished piece looks like.
Check out more details at My Time Made Easy. We would love for you to play along!!
For me, it was all about the sales for years. Just like grocery shopping, you eat whatever is on sale (although, I agree with Ed Griffin – not only do writers write daily, there is no such thing as a sale). Still, for years I washed with whatever was on sale.
In America, what would happen if Obama fell? I mean not through an assassin's bullet, what if he fell politically, through impeachment or just by being booted out? Could America guarantee the safety of its white population then? I doubt anyone is sure.
Death is no more the king of dread
Friday was Ry's last day with the babysitter she has had for a long time. Unfortunately, I had to make a tough decision, and I made it. I would never have expected the long chain of consequences to result from that decision, but it is what it is. I have to put my daughter's needs and our ability to have a happy life first.
Free State uses Amarillo hops and some dark roasted malts. I found it rather grassy, herbal, and astringent, and maybe it's just me, but it tasted a lot like nearby Boulevard Brewing's Single Wide
Please, stop GM wheat being grown in Australia and make sure overseas biotech companies don’t patent our daily bread.
But back to sartorial matters. I have noticed I wear my denim jacket a lot during the summer months and as it happens one of my favourite fashion writers wrote about this recently.
3. Bake until a toothpick is inserted and comes out clean, about one hour and 15 minutes. Let cool on wire rack for 10 minutes. Then pop bread out of pan and let it cool completely. Enjoy!
Mrs. Carter raced to the front of the room and announced sternly “Everyone, we will be exiting out the front door into the interior hallway of the main building next to the cafeteria. I want you to pick up your Social Studies Book, the big thick book under your desk, and bring it with you. Now we will start with the row the farthest from the door, quietly walk single file and do not stop on the way. Gladys, you need to make sure the room is clear since you are the last one on your row. Can you do that?”
Krista McGee
While some companies responded to consumer demand by incorporating some cage-free eggs into their orders, the landslide passage in 2008 of California’s Proposition 2, which will ban chicken cages and gestation crates by 2015, caused buyers and suppliers nationwide to take notice.
This is an ongoing story I've decided to write and put on my blog every Monday. Please excuse the errors, I'm only doing limited editing. Constructive criticism welcome. I wish I had a cute button on the side where the story could go but I don't know how to make a button. Even if I did I wouldn't know how to link up the story LOL. So if you miss a chapter, you'll have to look at my sidebar for it. The first chapter was written on October 23, 2011 so that should at least be some help,
I’m thrilled to be gaining access into this fascinating and mystical community even if it’s for such a short time. I do think that someone needs to warn the people of Cachtice that I’m on the way. Tell them Catherine Warren, a ‘drabarni of Jesus’ is coming and she is about to love on them big time.
Science deals mainly with facts;
Wisconsin
I give you this
end the restrictive immigration measures based on secretive, arbitrary decisions by cabinet ministers;Which is more or less what I've just said. And here's something fun:
Calling Dr. Love
The CoE was set up in 1949 - by the UK among others - is more of an inter-governmental co-operation organisation, kind of like a Europe-only UN, with a specific focus on civil rights by the European Convention on Human Rights, which the UK drafted, and a less obvious focus on pharmacology standards.
The woman stops the high pitched noise and looks disappointed.
I have spent all week thinking about the weekend.
Yesterday we girded up our loins, pulled on our walking shoes, and trotted off with the walking group. Everyone but us has bought a shirt in red and white with the appropriate logo in the appropriate place, but when one has lots of bright coloured tee shirts why not wear them? Especially when one does not look at all good in white. Wearing those dazzlingly glaring white shoes is enough for me. It was really hard work yesterday too, for some reason I didn't feel quite 100%. Perhaps 85%. After walking for 45 minutes it was more like 53%. Back up to 99% today. Walking is supposed to be very good exercise but I don't enjoy it.....all I can think of after we finish is "that's an hour of my life I can never get back"......it's like taking nasty-tasting medicine, we know it's probably doing us good but that doesn't mean we have to like it. Once a week is more than enough for me.
Who: Bill
I've always wondered about this. Why do people blog? What are your motivations for starting and maintaining a blog? There are many different reasons why people choose to blog. Commercial? Professional? Passion for a subject that you want to share with other like-minded people? If I look at my first blog post I wanted this blog to be a series of observations and opinions about a number of topics, particularly life as a law student. A means of getting things off my mind...Now, nothing much has changed. Though, I have tried to steer the blog away from angsty posts about pining for a guy called Leo and now just moan about my lack of a legal job!
Bull & Bush Pub & Brewery Legend Of The Liquid Brain
…Condom possession in itself is not illegal in New York, nor in any other state. Rather, the fact that condoms can be used in court as evidence of prostitution means that police will sometimes confiscate condoms, interrogate those carrying several, and use them as part of the basis for arrest. A law like the one in New York would clarify that possession is permitted, quelling fears among those who want to use them. “If there is no way an item will ever be used as evidence, then there’s no excuse to ever take it or put it in an arrest sheet,” said Baskin….
Alcohol ain't getting the better of me,
Which brings me to the Social Media Time Suck. As an author, I know how important self-promotion is, but it takes up so much time. It also is a fine line between “look at me, look at me” and simply being present. I have to admit I am shy when it comes to social media. I’m much more of a stalker than a tweeter or a poster on Facebook. I try to post but I can’t seem to find anything witty enough to say. I need a good hash tag. Any suggestions on one I can start? I see a lot of authors doing clever lines about their books. I love that. I don’t like it when they just repeat verbatim excerpts from their books over and over again. Blatant self-promotion is not my thing.
In Canada, the indigenous people are not called “Native Americans.” Instead they’re known as “First Nations people,” “natives,” or “aboriginals.” Likewise, instead of “reservations,” in Canada they’re known as “reserves.” The term that native people typically use for reserves is “First Nation”; therefore, in Deadly Addiction, the reserve is called the “Blackriver First Nation.” Additionally, instead of “tribe,” the commonly used term is “band.”
While stuff like "I love you all" written with blood on the walls and you hanging in the foreground does have a great effect on people (especially for the ones who find you) and will instantly make them feel sorry for your ass, you should know that it's already becoming a cliché.
Textured Ceilings – What Makes This a Popular Home Design?
Or the sex pest magistrate Collen Dumani who groped the breasts of court clerks and cleaners.
Bed Buddy Hot and Cold Pack - $2.75/1 - expires 4/30/2011
9.) Lou Reed – Berlin / 1973
Over the years the newspaper won the Pulitzer Prize four times, once for exposing corruption in the police department during the administration of Mayor William O’Dwyer.
I live in a place where everywhere I look is God's beauty before me.
with one enormous secret tucked inside my head.
Last, I have committed to transforming my business. My goal is to be putting 10 hours a week to my business. Where as up till now, I have put in a few hours a week at my busiest. I have really just made it a side hobby, till now. A secondary supplement to my life as a mom. But I want more for my business and I want more out of it too. So I’m working to build some business building activities into my daily life. The key seems to be taking time during the evenings, when I would normally sit and watch TV to plan my business calls for the next day. Not easy when I finally feel like the kids aren’t demanding of me or calling on me for things when the house is finally quiet and it is my choice how to spend my minutes. But since those kiddos are my 5 biggest why’s for even wanting to have my own business, I think it is certain to be fulfilling & so rewarding when this business is helping to give us more time together and not only the chance to keep me home and here for them, but also helping to afford their college studies and the pos
Boxers or boxer briefs and thongs or nothing!!
Smiling as if there is nothing wrong
By George I think he's got it!
I remembered the pain of a previous root canal over a decade ago. It was so awful that I cringed just thinking about it.
Tell Me Why
As we were in an explosive chant with three powerful mrdanga drums, two dignitaries came in. They were representatives of a political party. They were not really prepared to join in on our ecstasy. So be it! The one gentleman, who was a white Canadian, began his address to the attendees once we completed our kirtan. All was quiet and all were sober (from the intoxication of kirtan). He opened with, "Namaste, Namaskaram, Kamcho, Vanakum, and any other words I missed."
August: come it must,
I love to share good beer with other people. Cracking open that beer you’ve been saving is one thing if you’re drinking it alone, but if you’re sharing it around with two or three other people, it’s always more fun. Share it around and pull it apart. What can you taste in the glass, what can the person next to you taste? What food would you drink it with? What would they drink it with? It’s a great way to take the drinking experience beyond the actual drinking, and it’s a great way to expand your vocabulary for taste. They’ll be times when a flavour is on the tip of your tongue, but you just can’t put your finger on what it is, then suddenly your mate says “coffee grounds” and all you can do is face-palm with how obvious it is! Every time you then taste that flavour, you’ll instantly be able to describe it.
Vanilla extract- 1 tsp
“Yes, of course,” Roy said. “I appreciate the prompt attention. She had us really worried. Will we be able to see her now?”
I pray that this little house becomes our home.
I don’t post much these days. In part that’s because I have very little to say that is directly relevant to the reason I started this blog. My comic reading has been declining for a while now, and once I finally got around to reading Marvel’s Fear Itself the decline took a sudden, sharp increase. I’ll be honest: Fear Itself was terrible. Certainly there were individual issues that were good (watching Squirrel Girl out kung fu Wolverine being a moment I was particularly fond of) when taken as an aggregate, as an entire narrative arc, dare I say it when viewed as an “event” it was not worth the time it took to read. It was Fear Itself that forced me to unambiguously confront the static nature of mainstream comics; the ways in which they simply recycle what has gone before with what I suspect Terry Pratchett would unflatteringly call a “newish” coat of paint.
Eric Johnson ... Jake Findley
And that was the last of exciting news in my Luxebox.
And the day and a half with my parents was great! We often do the return trip in a day, and it can be exhausting – but we had the time to spend, and enjoyed my mom’s wonderful cooking, and played some games with them, just (mostly) relaxing. My dad’s visit to the cardiologist was encouraging, and we’re anticipating good results when he goes back for further testing. All in all, a great three days.
Your Fearless Leader
The Northeast Organic Farming Association of New York (NOFA-NY) is the oldest and largest organization in New York devoted to organic and sustainable farming and gardening, and counts over 600 farms among its 1700 members of farmers, gardeners, and eaters.
I didn’t sleep too well that first night, and was up about 6am sitting on a deserted beach. The solitude was magical, it was just the sort of place I’d dreamed of walking Harry, but never did. Think what you may, but to this day I’m convinced I felt him leaning against me while I sat there, perhaps we did finally walk that beach together.
My mom took my sisters and Ocean to Target and Sonic.
First off, I absolutely adore the display from the collection. The swirly design is rather different and chic. I was also pretty excited to see the colors in person. First up are the glossimers ($29.50USD). Right off the bat I can tell 3 of the 6 shades are on the lighter, paler side. There are also 3 shades with shimmer and 3 without.
While I scratch him he arches his neck and bites the air. To the point you hear, Chomp, Snap, Chomp, Chomp, Chomp, Snap, Chomp. He makes faces too, but mostly he bites the air.
A confrontation regarding bad behavior yields not that much. The only thing that’s gets his attention is to remove privileges. And that’s where you get a response. A huge ‘I’m a liar’ response:
Here are some scenes from last night. I will be sure to include some pictures of the girls in the next post.
This preying on our degraded women came out recently when The Sun of 14 Nov 2008 reported than an illegal immigrant with HIV is feared to have infected hundreds of women in a massive health scandal, it emerged yesterday. The Jamaican man used hospital patients unmonitored for nearly a year preying on vulnerable patients for sex. The health authorities have now written to 420 women warning they may have been infected with the killer virus! The man is not being named but kept secret. He came here in 2002 on a visitor’s visa. He has slept with dozens of girls after searching nightclubs in Leicester.
The smart girl, for her part, quickly goes to grandma to cover her lie. She tells her that Tae Yong had gotten an apartment for Park Ha and that her jealousy had driven her into buying her the ticket and pinning it on Grandma. Granny -who’s got some irrational hate for Park Ha – doesn’t think Se Na has done anything wrong and agrees to support her.
Quest Giver: Young Took or Young Brandybuck.
be picked up now all the time.
Burdens? This and that?
It seemed like everyone was trying to write picture books (this was before the current YA craze), so I figured it would be easier to break in with something different, like nonfiction. My local children’s librarian told me there was a need for biographies of women, and my mother, a music historian, suggested Clara Schumann. At first I said, “Oh, Mom, that’s your thing!” Then I thought about it and realized it was a good idea. I worked on a biography of Clara for about three years before selling it. That became my first book, Clara Schumann: Piano Virtuoso.
05 - Dreams I'll Never See 07:01
There is nothing About Sharktopus that displeases me. From the wonderfully joyous title theme music to the man, the icon Eric Roberts, from the early morning drinking, sea faring radio DJ (who became my new hero) and his bikini clad assistant to the folk dancing, fire brandishing display team. It was a joy from start to finish. But most importantly it’s about a ruddy shark/octopus hybrid for flip’s sake, I really don’t need to say anything more than that.
1) basically, I just check in every morning when I wake up
This is a page out of my "art journal" - - meaning: I use colored ink and experiment with Zentangles and write original poetry and play with whimsical, hand-written graphic fonts. (The above font is called "French Manicure". I know. I bought a book on hand-written fonts. And I ramble, but that's okay. Just flow with me ...after all, you are here, and you gotta play the hand you're dealt. And I'm dealin'.)
3. Repeat steps one and two until twitter suggests you follow Cheryl Cole and Tulisa from N-Dubz.
Secondly, please, please, please stop bringing up China and India when attempting to defend modern day capitalism. Yes, millions of people are climbing their way out of poverty. And yes, China in particular has turned away from its Maoist past and heartily embraced aspects of the free market. But as another commenter pointed out, both countries remain planned economies, control highly centralized. If our governments here attempted to intrude into the economy the way the Chinese and Indian governments do, conservatives would howl in outrage before soiling themselves and passing out. Witness the reaction to the various stimulus packages.
Have a great week everyone!
The UPS man just left a package yesterday from ShopRuger.com with a couple of additional stainless, eight-round magazines and a set of black Ruger grips by Hogue with the Ruger insignia on each grip. They're not that much thinner than the beautiful wood grips that came with the SR1911, but I like the feel better and the wood grips look so good, I hate to scratch'em up.
The following paragraph was sourced from farmitracker, who were one of the first online media sites to report the incident after receiving verification from a SA Police spokesman at Griekwastad:
Notice that according to these ethicists, "The only relevant difference between life and death is the existence of abilities", and since anyone who refuses an outside, existing standard may set their own, I'd like to mimic them and set my own standards for ethicists:
Despite her success, Warner Brothers continued to offer Bette unsatisfactory roles. In 1936, she challenged the studio by going to England to make pictures. Jack Warner sued her, and she was forced to honor her contract. Upon her return, however, Bette was offered a new contract and better roles. In 1939, Bette won her second Oscar for "Jezebel" (1938). She also received Oscar nominations the next five years in a row.
Houses shaped like chips, Manchester: Next to the Ashton canal in "New Islington" (near old Ancoats). Three huge chips with newspaper wrapping exteriors. These are on sale (primelocation.com).
Although they were brilliant, they were the kind of people who Lenin is reported to have referred to as "useful idiots." There were thousands of well-meaning people in the West who completely misunderstood the nature of communism. They were "useful" to the Soviets in that they created an idealistic, sympathetic lobby for a brutal, murderous regime. They were "idiots" in that their ideology blinded them to reality. They couldn't see that communism was built on bullets and repression, not bake sales and sing-alongs.
How the hell I was able to watch this under my parent's radar is beyond me because if any movie gives off sonic and visual alarm bells of "oh shit don't let your kid watch this", it's hellraiser. The movie has so many gruesome scenes that I can't begin to choose one over another... but the whole rat filetting thing probably ranks pretty high in the food chain.
Ya know what I say to "No embossing," Miz Cathy? I say "No problem!" But wait . . . each and every design I came up with screamed, "EMBOSS ME!" Aaaackk! But alas, I did NOT give in to "embossing" temptation! I followed the rules! Hehehe!! Here's my little "non-embossed" card . . .
-“mama” Both women said at one time.
Since I got back, I haven’t played much World of Warcraft. I’m probably going to take another small break from it again, at least until Cataclysm is released. If I don’t take a full-on-break, I’m definitely will be cutting down on my time spent in WoW. Saturday was the first time I’ve logged into WoW for more than 30 seconds… not to mention it was only the third time I’ve logged in since I got back. It had been so long since I played a computer game, let alone WoW & Deathengine that it took some getting used to again, haha. It probably didn’t help that I was really tired from spending the day walking around Park Ave Fest.
Something is amiss with our value-system the way fat dowries are wheedled out even in the case of talented girls who can be an asset to anyone anywhere. I know of a senior official who did not stint on the education of his two daughters and gave them the very best that money could buy. While one of them was admitted in a reputed medical college and subsequently turned out to be a good doctor, the other one excelled in humanities and proved her mettle in no uncertain terms. But all their accomplishments were of no avail when it came to settling their marriage. Preposterous demands were made and it was only after hefty amounts had changed hands that the marriages could be solemnised.
Four weeks in Advent. Undoubtedly overshadowed by the Christ-Mass. Still, no reason to neglect now the words of the Lord nor His coming and nearness to us in the blessed sacrament, our daily sustenance.
1tsp garam masala
And lastly, I was able to enjoy a fun evening of Bunko with the girls. My friend Debbie throws the most awesome bunko parties. I was able to rock it, and tie as the biggest loser. :D
Be sure to keep following along on twitter @averagejakeff
In the case of QVC, senior vice president of affiliate sales and marketing Al Ulozas was the exec who would meet with cable companies, like a Comcast, or a satellite company, like DirecTV or Dish, and negotiates deals to get these distributors to carry the home shopping channel.
It causes many people with allergies, severe skin conditions and other diseases just by touching this substance or inhaling it.
This is the last voice you hear before the light of day fades beyond your eyelids.
“And I want you to think about — just for a minute — about what these kind of numbers mean when they’re spread out over an entire state,” she continued. “It might mean registering just one more person in your town. That’s how crucial this is. One more person might mean helping just one more person in your community get out and vote on Election Day.”
Another of those little KC Dolman jackets. I enjoyed working the first one so much, after the initial worry over what I was actually doing, that I cast on this next one straight away. Haven't got too far have I? Well at least pulling it out of it's bag has reminded me that I owe Dawn an email (thanks for your pm btw - the patterns would be lovely and you got the email address right x).
Hey kids! You wanna fly through space? Wanna hold game controllers in a way that suggests you've never played a video game before in your life? Then you'll want to play a system designed by Jeremy Megason IV: The Super Megason IV! The only video game system built by astronauts at NASA!
Also, people in Wanzhou do not use heaters. Weather is cold about -4 C right now. People do weird things there. They wear many layers of clothes to keep them warm. They open their windows to let fresh air in ( air is more polluted than in Beijing). They sleep with layers of clothes on, and even eat clothes on. Inside the houses you have to wear slippers. There are slippers for bathroom, to kitchen, to showers, to regular rooms. Just slippers, slippers, slippers. My feet got blisters on just switching slippers from room to room. lol
The development of the story was thorough and kept me turning page after page. I liked seeing Lex figure things out and learn more about Uncle Mort and the world he lived in. Speaking of Uncle Mort....I loved him. He's ability to get through to Lex when very few others could made their connection special. The fact that he did it through sarcasm, humor, and respect made me like him a little more than some other characters.
I dug out the first quarter of the section...then Chris dug out the rest and made me use the little shovel to dig out around the pool pump equipment. Chris is all about instant gratification on these projects!
The first journal was one for at home, i needed a boost to get me back into art an crafts, i had a stack of thick paper just sitting waiting to be put into a journal, an this is then first one that i made, love the sweet lady on this one, she is so pretty...
1 14.5 oz. can kidney beans, drained and rinsed
Shah, MD, FACAAI, FAAAAI, is a celebrated author of this AmazingAllergist book series, founder of www.AmazingAllergist.com, and the medical director of www.Center4AsthmaAllergy.com. He is a board certified allergist who has earned an honor of fellowships in both the American College of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology and the American Academy of Allergy, Asthma & Immunology.
With the desire to understand her better and decipher her coded language, I began sending her anonymous postcards. Each containing only what she had spoken of during the previous night, as she slept. I hoped she would consult me, as I would have thought receiving these strange expressions and enigmatic verses would spark conversation. But no. She kept to herself. Nonetheless, she kept all of the postcards in a lunchbox from her elementary school days, the one with ALF on the cover that she had for years kept as a keepsake from the more memorable times of her past. She received so many postcards that she even had to use her other one, the one with Fozzie Bear from the Muppet Babies where tomatoes are being thrown at him while he’s on stage trying to make jokes. Wocka Wocka Wocka!
That's about four times the energy in the rifle round vs. the pistol round; even though the rifle bullet is only about 1/2 the diameter, and about 1/4 of the mass.
Just down from the Spylaw Tavern I managed to find the entrance to Spylaw Park which led down to a footbridge over the river to join the Water of Leith Walkway. I'd walked the section from Balerno to Currie a couple of weeks ago (see here), but this section called the Dells was really stunning with a full-scale green canopy, numerous criss-crossing paths, quite a few weirs in full flow, and some impressive & secluded riversides houses - it really is a great piece of nature in the midst of a large city.
It’s 00:42 in Cape Town, it’s cold and rainy (just how I like it – you know, “together weather”), and on days like this, there is music out there that just fit perfectly with this weather, so I spent the some time working on a mix, Stories For Rainy Days, with all my favorite tracks and artists such as mndsgn, devonwho, ahnnu, lowleaf, swarvy and many more, that go hand in hand with the rain, listen and download after the jump…enjoy…
Total silence, windows and lives illuminated by warm glowing, non energy saving bulbs.
“You’re a grown man and these are boys. You feel degraded to be afraid of them but you are afraid.”
Fun times, huh?
I'm taking 3 kids to a place that they aren't writing guidebooks about yet. Yes, I know it's the second poorest country in the Americas. Yes, Nicaragua has active volcanoes, earthquakes and malaria. Trust me, my mother googled it all.
I don't mean to sound insulting to my son, but he is starting to act more and more like the robots he so enjoys. His voice is kind of monotone - unless he is screaming his guts out, or super hyped up about looking for a missing piece to Alex's bike, which he will "find in no time, right?!" This he screeches in his very pre-pubescent little man voice over and over (and over) again. He's seriously pissed that we cannot find a piece to Alex's bike. She hasn't ridden this bike for two duty stations. Not that important, clearly. But I digress.
Demanding to be heard: Protesters brandish signs and yell outside the News Corporation building
I am really enjoying the monochrome pattern, although I would never have guessed that it would need more than 2 skeins! See that needle threaded above? That is my last thread left, oh NO! but I have more on the way and hopefully in my mailbox when I get home. :D
I remember driving Michael around on a tour of area breweries, a day that turned into a travel disaster. He was two and a half hours late leaving New York, thanks to some skinny git who was trying and never did open a brewpub in NYC, but still managed to hold MJ's attention all morning; I suspect he simply refused to take him to Tony Forder's house until he'd said all he had to say. We had to cancel the appointment at Yards and drive on to Brandywine Brewing near Wilmington in heavy rain.
in my head i am a balls out kind of person. i vent. i go off. i call people out on their totally fucktardiness. i am a badass mofo. in my head. in person i nod politely or hold my tongue (except of course w/ my family). maybe i should clarify...
JH
The Moon quickly grew tired of covering for the Sun and, without warning, started to recede. The Sun noticed this and in its haste to return to its place left behind thousands of rays in its mortal host.
A. It’s tempting to limit the BCS championship game to only conference winners. But when you have a system like the BCS that is based on polls, you understand that people will make subjective decisions about teams. What you can’t do is put an asterisk by someone in the BCS standings. A team like Georgia or Ohio State could benefit from not playing, but that is the system that we’ve all agreed on. It keeps the door open for a team that struggled early but finished strong. It gives the voters a chance to evaluate their entire body of work.
“I’m very happy that a lot of families have little children,“ she said, urging parents to hold on to their children, and bring them up right.
Annie Seaton
Posted by Justin "The Claw" at 3:14 PM 3 comments
lines and creases in your face to create the perfect, smooth canvas for your foundation. It is also a great moisturizer.
10. Harder Than Your Husband (featuring Jimmy Carl Black)
I got these pretty papers from Little Darlings Rubberstamps and they are by Lilybee Designs called Picket Fence - so fresh and springy, love these colors. This particular pad isn't currently available but you have to check out the other gorgeous 6x6 pads which are all on sale for $3.00 - unbelievable price!
Alright, you’ve had your introductions. You’ve heard of their accomplishments, now we can get to the final.
This video is something I return to again and again if I feel the need for an energy boost. It never fails me and I’d defy anyone to watch it and not smile at some point during it… So it got me thinking… What is it about it that is so attractive?..
In terms of graphics, the game looks good, but won’t knock your socks off. The lighting is well done and the texture has an interesting look to it. The game has the setting nailed down, and seeing the rolling green hills and trees in the second demo was really cool. I just wish I could run around more instead of being tied down to a boss battle. The HUD is a bit clunky as there’s stuff everywhere on the screen and the text is a bit small for my liking. Thankfully, the game lets you customize the HUD in addition to the camera and those mini cutscenes so these issues won’t be a problem in the retail game.
"You had people burning the Union flag. People were being kicked - some of them weren't anything to do with the protests.
Culture Beat Anything UK
My brother is a pastor of a church, and he recently wrote a book that I sincerely love. It isn’t because it is a masterpiece of wordplay. It is because in it, he chronicles the building of his church by fighting Satan in a real world setting. He talks about getting out in the real world and stealing from Satan what belongs to God. His church doesn’t put on a pious, religious front. They instead, are warriors, pillaging from Satan’s camp using every method they can think of. There aren’t great discussions on whether or not viewing Harry Potter is going to make everyone into a witch; there is a restaurant operated for the sole purpose of getting to know the people they hope to lead to the Lord. He talks about websites set up as the first taste of any church. He is fighting fire with fire.
I acted in self-defense and I want him (her, they, etc.) arrested."
This holds true for promoters, would-be stage producers, and radio & TV researchers/producers. They, of course, have budgets, but…
The friendly cow all red and white,
polyachka: so which part do you care the most – making education more interactive and fun by using technology or giving computers to the developing countries so that they can connect to the world and improve their well-being?
Put crepe bows round the white necks of the public doves,
Hail!
So, if you’re interested about the book news, just type in your e-mail address below, and I’ll send out a couple of notes as soon as we get closer to publication!
I really don't have a lot of experience with large rivers. I lived on a lake in my youth in Florida, and it was a big lake, but we don't have large rivers in the state, save for the St. John's. Most of the rest are fairly small, as rivers go.
I love this recipe, I used 5 large bananas that had been in my freezer for a month. It is a very dense bread (weighs a TON) that accepts adaptations very well. I often make it in the bundt pan because it's pretty that way and I have added various spices to it as well as chocolate chips on occasion. It has a very rich, banana flavor that also toasts very well.
The gangsta second from the right is the uber-cool (in his eyes, anyway!) Adonis Mensah. GURPS Tactical Shooting has a section called "Things Not To Do" and second on the list is "Gangsta Shooting" as demonstrated by Adonis here. GURPS disparagingly remarks, "gangsta shooting has become popular with people who don't know what they're doing but worry about how they look while doing it." Ouch! The problem is gunmen who adopt this stance cannot aim properly. Adonis is clearly a fool. Just look how he's clutching his crotch. Who's he trying to impress? Note that he is wearing a black bandana on his head.
Titles include "Can't Kick the Habit," "T.B. Blues," a revival of "Junker's Blues" -- along with the stomping "Nasty Boogie" and treatments of the ancient themes "Stack-O-Lee" and "Frankie & Johnny."
Do you recognize this place? My husband and I enjoy traveling. I have been to all fifty states and numerous foreign countries.
They are investigating the assault as a hate crime.
Mike Rowe is at the top of his game when he's just on the streets talking with people. Ford knew this and signed him on as their brand ambassador, giving a relatable, credible face to a strong automotive company with a weary future.
That’s a very simplistic view though and the entertainment industry will always find new ways to stay on top and get noticed by the general public. Which is a little sad.
but cannot see
Factoid: Wollstonecraft’s daughter is Mary Shelley of Frankenstein fame.
To kick off this new era of The Critical Wind Fish, I have an exciting announcement. Later on in December, I’ve been invited to take part in a feature over on GameXplain. One of my fellow Nintendojo colleagues and myself will be joining forces to predict what the future might hold for Nintendo in a console-wide round table discussion together with critics from Total Playstation and GameXplain itself. I’m really honoured by the invitation, and I hope to put in a good forecast for the big N.
If there is no response from the Bilderbergers, then we will have to appeal to the next level of our government. We have 6 levels of government in the West. The Bilderberg Society and other such groups are on Level A where all decisions are made. The B Level is the Secret Team best exemplified by the CIA-Mossad-MI6. The C level consists of politicians who receive their orders from above and are severely punished by those above them for listening to the taxpayers down below on the F Level. But there has been so much brazen vote fraud on public display in the 2012 primaries with the able assistance of the ‘news media’ that I had to add 2 Levels to the four original Levels I defined just last year. I would now define D Level as the Dopes like the TSA who are irradiating themselves with those body scanners and will never live long enough to collect their pensions. Also included in the D for Dopes Level are all those who will die protecting Wall Street when the nationwide Food Riots erupt some time after the elections The E or Enterta
This recipe has a meaty twist, with the addition of chorizo. Because they are more easily accessible and more reliable, I used cabanos, and it worked really well. The dish comes out with a lot of sauce, so if you happen to have some rice nearby, it wouldn’t hurt…
I take him around the house, or rather up and down the house. It’s a sunny day and it looks nice; everything looks nice on a day like today. We tramp up the staircase, exchanging pleasantries, inasmuch as a smartly-dressed businessman and a hairy childcarer can trade their thoughts. We soon find ourselves standing in uncomfortable proximity at the top of the house.
Justin is working his jab, but not landing. Now Choate throwing the jab, which Dustin is ducking under and stepping to the side. Now, he’s ducking and trying to land a counter. But, hasn’t quite found the mark with those yet.
The Chicago Bears have not been know to make stellar first round picks. Rather they are known for their sleeper picks that they have come upon recently. With this years draft just around the corner I will take a look at some notable first round picks the Bears have had.
The development comes as Secret Service Director Mark Sullivan faces a pair of deadlines Tuesday to answer dozens of questions about the issue.
The committee chairman said the committee had directed prisons department officials to install mobile phone jammers to stop prisoners from using mobile phones.
Okay, first and foremost of all, how much do I love that Jae Hyuk doesn’t turn back to glare or gloat to Young Gul after he takes Ga Young’s hand! Although if you look closely, Young Gul does glare at Jae Hyuk and Ga Young as if gloating! Seriously, is that what this is about? Going from one girl to another and making each other jealous? Jae Hyuk just looks at Ga Young and watches her tearing up, so what does he do? He takes her hand and keeps looking at her! And the way he took her hand, first he squeezed it and then took it into his own. I don’t think he has any ulterior motives in that gesture because usually whenever he’s acted in favor of Ga Young or because of her, he hasn’t really looked for a reaction from the others (I mean he hasn’t really gone to Ga Young just to piss off Anna and Young Gul. Anna meanwhile, has usually gone to Young Gul because that would mean pissing off Jae Hyuk. Young Gul was somehow smitten with Anna so he always too headed her way, snubbing Ga Young in the process) However much I hate him
And that is what we are left with, a mass media that reports on perceptions and propaganda as if they were competitive with reality and facts.
You also started blowing raspberries, sometimes for what seems like hours on end. You learned to do it with your lips months ago, but just in the last few weeks learned to do it with your tongue (a true raspberry).
When we get wrapped up in this noise, while we are focused on it, listening to it, we are missing out on life going on around us.
Decker followed up, citing broken street walls, "the buildings plunked down and separated from the neighborhood in a very non-Jane Jacobs way, that it's towers in a park all over again."
What I wouldn't do
Um. It was sooooo not sincere. It was literally like someone was holding a gun to his head to say it. My coworker next door heard it and thinks the exact same.
Q047) Were you talented with dancing ever since you were a kid?
Political donations are also very unevenly distributed, considerably above the 80-20 rule. The problem from a political perspective is that donations buy influence and such influence is very unevenly distributed, which does not seem to be following the democratic ideals of the one-person, one-vote principle of equal representation.
And all this is against a backdrop of radio broadcasts that fill us with rage and despair.
Today’s run was similarly moist, although it was a bit warmer today. We kept it short at 4 miles, but had a brisk pace of about 7:45 for much of the run. The plan is to run again tomorrow and then take Friday off before a longer run on Saturday.
When I look at this picture, and even as I type you are curled up with your daddy just like this, I think of you two as bosom buddies.
(These are my jars, which are now sitting on my kitchen counter.... aren't they purty?!?!)
So you are hereby all invited to come to:
I think some of the designers on the show have a lot of talent and do make really cool stuff, although some of the designs are over my head (haha). Some of the designers on the other hand I don’t think are very good, but I guess everyone has their own taste, right?
Think about those questions.
Do you know how many times
Where did you grow up and what bands or music influenced you the most?
Overall the movie is an enjoyable romp, and I liked it far more than the first one. Fans of the first movie should enjoy this; even new comers should be able to pick things up quick as it does offer a good adventure during this time of year. But it never becomes a classic thanks to its writing, but then again popcorn movies can be a great piece of escapism.
What a great couple of days it has been with all the trades and movement due in large part to the new rookie wage scale, which before without it scared teams away from trading up. Picks 2-7 all had to due with trades with the Vikvings tricking the Browns to trade up one spot and the Cowboys and Jaguars going after their man respectively. Cowboys grap Claiborne and Jags grab Blackmon.
But March is mostly given over, in terms of reading, to these tasks:
What makes her world-weary affectation so exasperating is that she has no reason to affect such pained despondency. Posh is one of the most fortunate women on the planet. She is rich and successful in her own right, with a handsome husband and four lovely, healthy children to come home to at night.
In the interests of regularity I have to proclaim that I have no axe to grind with anyone whatsoever who follows the teachings of the Catholic Church, each to his own and all that, however when a former presidential candidate (Mike Huckabee) espouses rhetoric along the lines of "We are all Catholics now" in reference to this issue – I have to say - Seriously ? lol .
These narrative scenarios—diagnostic estimates of where we will be at some projected later date—come with chapter titles such as "Russia, 2019," "China, 2042," "Miami Beached," and "Holland 2.0 Depolderized." Among the various spatial and geopolitical side-effects of climate change outlined by these authors are a coming depopulation of the American Southwest; a massive demographic move north toward newly temperate Arctic settlements, economically spearheaded by the extraction industry and an invigorated global sea trade; border wars between an authoritarian Russia and a civil war-wracked China; and entire floating cities colonizing the waters of the north Atlantic as Holland aims to give up its terrestrial anchorage altogether, becoming truly a nation at sea.
'Sir..., Divorced Barbie comes with: Ken's Car, Ken's House, Ken's Boat, Ken's Furniture, Ken's Computer, one of Ken's Friends, and a key chain made with Ken's balls'.
Stuffed Portobellos
So start snapping those photos, pretty soon you’ll look back on 2012 and say – “Wow, look at all the fun things I did!”
6. When players think Shaman they immediately think of Chain Heal; do you think this association with a single defining heal has impacted shaman?
The judgments (and my blog post) occasioned quite a bit of discussion, and in May or June 2008, in time-honored dodgy-publisher style, Daly changed Light Sword Publishing's name to LSP Digital. It doesn't seem to have helped. December 2008, Linda Daly and Light Sword Publishing filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy petitions with the US Bankruptcy Court in the Eastern District of Michigan. By March 2010, the bankruptcy trustee had decided to abandon assets and close the file; and in June 2010, Daly was granted a discharge.
It was a lovely day, inside and out, with great food and enjoying time together, just the six of us. Everyone did "plug in" for a portion of the afternoon - notice how The Girl is multitasking?
the following 3 persons (4,5&6) will get the Feel the Sunshine Kit and
Corriander powder - 3 tsp
Last week, when I was at Barney's to pick up Mr. Alexander Wang, I spent a little time playing at the makeup counter. I hardly ever do this, because I'm surrounded by makeup and beauty products all day, but it's part of my job to stay on top of things.
now come here baby
ISBN-13: 978-0-9794208-8-7
Hurtado notes the curious neglect of the study of “God” in NT theology and surveys recent works (1990s on) that have gone some way to rectify this oversight.This post is related to just some of what he says in this chapter. Some interesting quotes and observations include:
I showed him the whole house. We hung out in my room, in the den, and ran up and down the glossy brick hallway between the den and the living room. I was having the time of my life. The dog eventually found the little half bath we had between the kitchen and the door that went into the garage. It had a sliding door so it was always open. My new friend promptly began drinking out of the toilet bowl. I was freaking out.
Recolleections Mulberry Paper Rose Leaves (6)
Thank you for your visit to my blog ad your kind comments.
And then torture got big. Not one but two Hostels treated their protagonists to the ball, as did countless other trashy gore flicks. The ball gag is an easy way to depict extremism and sexualise a movie without so much as whipping a cock out. Is it any wonder the enraged Mary Whitehouses of the world started bandying about the word 'torture porn' when every Tom, Dick and Harry was using such an overtly pornographic bit of kit as a prop? For the most part though, any horror movie which utilises the ball gag isn't a very good one anyway. When I see a badguy start breaking out the balls, I cringe. And then pop one off the wrist.
& this is possibly my favourite statement in the book:
$130 in store and online in Australia
a sense of
An anonymous tip led Monroe County sheriff's detectives to the online video last Thursday.
May 2 (Bond Buyer) — NEW YORK – Mortgage application volume rose 0.1%, as purchases grew while refinances fell, according to data from the Mortgage Bankers Association’s Weekly Mortgage Applications Survey for the week ended April 27.
There are several sentiments they suggest using when you click on the link I provided. Creole for Haiti and Spanish for The Dominican Republic. You can either make these sentiments computer generated, or simply hand write them on the inside. A lot of these children speak little to no English, so no sentiments unless you use one of theirs. If you do not have time to print or write out the sentiments in their languages, just leave them blank, as I am sure they will appreciate your handmade card without!!!
“Ohh … He never mentioned your name before!” (How would he)
Seriously, how often have you berated the disciples for one thing or another? let’s be honest. Friends, we are these men. I had to stop my brain SO MANY TIMES yesterday from wandering down rabbit trails of fear, worry, thinking of tomorrow and planning for the worst..seriously. God, don’t you care that I’m going to the ER again? Jesus cared on that boat on the Sea of Galilee and He cared in my Ford Explorer yesterday and He cares today and always.
The little American Kestrel was called Fidget and was the smallest bird in the group. We held out our suitably gauntleted hands with delicacies such as chicks’ legs and chunks of meat and the birds swooped in to grab it up, posed for photographs for a minute then flew back to their handler.
With Britain, the EU’s third biggest economy, opting out of the fiscal process, questions about the cohesiveness of the wider bloc will also be posed’. (Reuters)
Why did they grumble? Why were they so upset? Because from their perspective they had been cheated. “What’s in it for me” is the governing question (Matthew 19:27 puts this very question on the lips of Peter). My world is centered around me, myself, and I and for me, “What’s in it for me” rules the day.
Pita pizza with roasted garlic red sauce and fennel seed, Gardein chunks, black olives, Spanish onions, hot banana peppers, Cheddar Daiya.
Okay, I'm a bit impatient. But, dude, the guy invited me to see his show and maybe get dinner first. This is the last weekend of his show. Tomorrow night is the last night it is playing. Like, WTF? I swear, this smacks of the Dude, inviting me to see Red Riding Hood, then disappearing. But there, there was warning, a fair amount of false starts and misunderstandings and communication about him being on the rebound, etc. Here there was "missing you for days" on Sunday, then silence.
This brings me to present day. Ben apparently loves birds. I’ve strongly put my foot down about birds in my house. It’s a no. When I see birds I do NOT hear the soft music playing. I do not picture a Normal Rockwell. I picture a scene straight out of the Alfred Hitchcock movie. He was bummed, to say the least, but he’s adapted. He has “pet” birds that live in the tree outside our house. He’s pretty sure their names are Blue and Rainbow, that they’re married, and are planning to have a couple kids this spring. He made them a bird feeder, and every day takes them some pretzels, fish crackers and occasionally an oreo cookie to sustain them.
Holding out the huge circular lid in front of me, I feel like a riot policeman on the front line. I
"How do I make a Hot Toddy?"
The main area of the KGB per Bezmenov is focused on a slow process of ideological subversion, psychological warfare, to change the perception of reality for Americans to not be able to make sensible conclusions for their interests. This is done via Demoralization:
I always wait for the school bus to maneuver its way out of our circular parking lot before I return to our apartment. I tell Izzy I love her and wish her a good day at school as her ringlets undulate on the wheelchair lift. She flashes her charming smile at R, the bus driver, when he places the harness around her wheelchair and he can't help but smile back. I try to peak through the windows while the nurse and the driver secure Izzy's wheelchair, but I only see outlines and shadows in the early morning glare. I admire R's driving skills as he navigates the unwieldy yellow vehicle around the bright flower beds and towering palm trees. We smile and wave jovially to each other as he drives away and I smile and wave jovially to the undistinguishable figures on the bus, I figure one of them has to be Izzy. This morning, I also waived goodbye to a group of paramedics and fire fighters who are usually not a part of our morning ritual.
Sometimes I think about taking this button off, because I don't read it often, only because I don't have children. I saw this website on Good Things Utah one day and it looked pretty neat. SMMART stands for Science, Math, Music, Art, and Reading. She has come up with activities designed to take some of the harder subjects for kids to learn, and enhance their skills in that subject through simple learning activities. Some of the things on her site are pretty creative, and look fun.
When I went back to sleep, I had another dream... this one was scary but in a good way... I dreamt that I had a c-section (both Kaelen and Marrah were natural births so c-sections still scare me) and had a beautiful healthy dark haired little girl... It was a good dream really... until I woke up and realized that I still have another 6 months to wait to get to that point and hold another baby of my own in my arms... needless to say, that good dream kinda put me in a slump all day because I wanted that baby here now... So we'll see if that dream comes true... My dh has dark hair so a dark haired little girl isn't out of the question... I don't really want a c-section either but hey, if it gives me a healthy baby in the end, I really don't care...
You're surrounded by lies right now aren't you? Deceit, misplaced desire and fat lies?
Blogger, freelance writer and editor, volunteer with The Word Guild and Write! Canada, certified personal trainer, labour doula-in-training… That pretty much sums up Steph’s current endeavours. She loves visitors at her blog site (http://stephseclecticinterests.wordpress.com) and invites you to pop by. You may also be interested in the writers’ prompts that appear under Monday Motivation every week at http://www.christianeditingservices.com. Feel free to email Steph at stephanienickel@yahoo.com.
It was then that I discovered The Container Store this year. I'm enamored, really. I love this place. If you've never been, it's basically a giant warehouse of every storage container imaginable. Unfortuantely, it's also relatively costly, especially for custom installations. So that's why I worked with what I had, bought very affordable, clear-plastic bins and labels. Plus, combined with a sale, and yes, a teacher's coupon, I did it on a tight budget ;)
After the opening performance and choice words;
I wandered in to the century old building, found my way to the check-in table and signed in. I sat there nervously, waiting. I saw the other kids around me, and wondered at how poised they seemed. We did various acting exercises and interactive games, and I marveled at how clever they all were. I was doing my best to appear confident and to fit in. But really, I had no idea what I was doing.
GOT STORIES?
“Is that normal?”
I've compiled a little list of my favorite FREE Valentine printables and tutorials so that you may be inspired to create beautiful things for the special people in your life too.
My husband is a beef/bacon man. He loves his beef. I have switched him over to ground turkey for most of our meals, which is the healthier choice. However, all these meats have something in common when you cook with them. They leave grease. Our original solution was to use plastic cups. Which isn't a horrible idea, until they melt with the hot grease and it creates a horrid mess. Not to mention it is wasteful. I decided that there had to be an easier solution. I took an old coffee can, and commandeered it to use as a grease container. The best part? It can sit in plain sight on my counter for easy access, or under my sink and no one is the wiser. Take a quick look:
Both parties were transformed by the new relationship: The animals grew tame and lost their ability to fend for themselves in the wild (natural selection tends to dispense with unneeded traits) and the humans traded their hunter-gatherer ways for the settled lives of agriculturists. (320)
If anyone want's them, and is sure they can go, or if the folks in position 8 or position 6 want our slot for more space, they're yours for free; unless of course some kind soul wants to buy them off us ($336).
So how much money did squeaky clean John Stevens get from the tax payer to have an office in the UK?
skirt, handmade using thrifted fabric (see tutorial); sweater top, thrifted; bronze eagle necklace, yard sale; handmade feather hair extension, Emily Neumeier (unfortunately, not yet for sale online)
209 Manic Street Preachers Roses In The Hospital (O.G. Psychovoval Mix)
55) I am attracted to brainy men but I have found that they cannot fuck. The Spouse Sparrow is my perfect combination of brains and rough trade, my bad boy with a heart of gold.
“Don’t know,” the other boy said from atop the monkey bars.
To give Ed the only due he’ll ever get from me, he isn’t The Strong One. He’s more what you’d call The Wrong One. But James Purnell (former Labour Welfare reformer) occasionally shows a disturbing combination of belief, limitless ambition, radical ideas and ruthlessness.
LIFE is Good 2011 was not a perfect conference. Things went wrong. Pranks were pulled. Friends' gifts to each other went missing. Another friend spent the end of the conference grieving the loss of her mother. Even so, I loved it. It made me happy. It gave me some more amazing memories to add to my burgeoning "Unschooler Love" file, and I received a good dose of inspiration and renewal. I came away smiling, energized, exhausted, and content with my life.
Finding a job is not easy, finding a job in Paris is even more difficult. When I first arrived here my goal was just to find a job, any job in fact. After two months of searching I finally found a position as an English trainer, and I have to say it was pretty interesting. I had previously only had experience teaching children, however this was a refreshing change, teaching English to French professionals.
Even with the gag, the little girl’s screams made enough noise to rouse the four other members of the Schmidt family. Ariela quickly bound the girl’s wrists and ankles with duct tape and then placed a strip over her mouth further muffling the sound of her screams.
I have been called a Luddite
"He will get home and find a summons for speeding or a really big credit card bill he wasn't expecting" Drawing bad things towards himself he is, that's all.
I find the current setting of the series to be one of my favorite things in the series because it's that southern vampire type story I've always loved, so I'm a little skeptical as to how I'll deal with the fact that they'll be leaving there now. Nonetheless, I'm excited that there will be at least two more books in this series. I am curious to see how this new bond with Victorian will play into her relationship with Eli.
As medical director of the famed Preventive Medicine Research Institute, Lee Lipsenthal helped thousands of patients struggling with disease to overcome their fears of pain and death and to embrace a more joyful way of living. This is his story.
*Of course, if those extra commitments are what makes you happy, by no means would I suggest cutting them out. In fact, sometimes having an interesting life outside of work can help make up for those not-so-interesting times when you’re lugging through the latest spreadsheet, email bucket, or whatever it is that makes you want to throw your computer out the window.
“It'll be fine.”
I do remember that Rob at his 40th birthday party mentioned he didn’t want to see 50. He had a really hard time dealing with 40, was very badly behaved in the time leading up to the party and even though he ended up having a good time, he did make that comment about not making 50. I recall thinking it was a very strange thing to say at the time, but he was right unfortunately.
In the pan for the fish I heated up the oil. Then I slid the fillets in flesh side down. I let them cook until they were barely starting to brown. Then I flipped them over, added the salt, pepper, and chili powder, and then placed the tomatoes around the fillets. The recipe said to cut them in half but my pan isn’t that big, so I cut them into sixths and hoped it would be close enough. Then I flipped them back just long enough to take the skin off, flipped them up again and called dinner as served.
stamps: papertrey ink - soak up the sun; random michael's dollar store happy birthday
Pictured in Walnut. Available in Ebonized Oak and Cherry.
“You found it?” she asked.
Everyone has a public face to fit into the “village” they live in, and my public face is not very different from my private face, so I tend to feel that I don't fit in much of the time because I am not hiding my differences. As I read Eli Gerzon’s post (thanks Eli!) I realized that there are probably many unschoolers who feel the same way, especially if unschooling is not their only difference. They unschool, but that's just a word to most people who aren't doing it, not a philosophy. If someone asks what unschooling is, you may start telling them about your philosophy of life if you want to explain unschooling adequately. You can say your children learn at home without a curriculuum, and many people don't want to hear more than that, but if you elaborate you start talking about your values. You talk about respecting children and trusting that they will learn what they need to. That is a foreign concept to most people, and it may make them uncomfortable because they don't trust their children, and they may feel judged by you. I
The topic of advances has come up on this blog before. Without a doubt, big advances sometimes pay off for the publisher—Special Topics in Calamity Physics, for example, seems to be doing quite well.
You are my Forever Faithful, and I want to spend the rest of my life learning to love You.
We should also recognize that honoring the king of Israel had special significance. The king held a very special position of honor. We need to understand honor in that light. When we see that David honors Saul as “God’s anointed,” and in so doing, honors the “Anointed One” who was to come we should begin to get the right idea. As the Old Testament revelation progresses, this becomes more and more clear.
For years, the spotlight on body image and imposed standards of beauty has been on women. Now however, an increasing number of young men will stop at nothing in the pursuit to achieve the male muscular ideal.
Five years later, Gull redefined the condition as anorexia hysterica or anorexia nervosa. The cases he described bore strong similarities: good health, aside from emaciation; unexplainable refusal of food; “restlessness”. He noted that “it seemed hardly possible that a body so wasted could undergo the exercise which seemed agreeable” (Gull, 1873). In the same year, through separate research, Ernest-Charles Lasegue published a paper on l’anorexie hysterique: sharply different from victims of famine and prisoners of war, the young patients Lasegue observed had “paradoxical liveliness”. They expressed disgust toward eating, refusing food and treatment sometimes to the point of death. Lasegue hypothesized that anorexia hysterica was driven by a compulsion to avoid pain; he looked to the new field of psychology for a potential explanation.
What do you read while you’re writing?
So much left to say
Today, if you are an author, you probably have a blog. Blogs rose to fame and fortune about five years back, when websites really came into vogue. An author could grab a reader via their website, and keep them reading by the means of a blog. Between websites, blogs, and forum boards, you could reach a great number of folks who were potential readers.
Local human rights NGO Suaram filed a civil suit with the French courts to look into the government's purchase of the submarines, in which kickbacks - which are illegal in France - running into millions of ringgit were said to have been paid.
The nose on this is sweet and perfumed with lots of fruit and floral notes. I get pears, rosewater and fruit cocktail. The palate surprises with a dry malt early on cushioned by the perfume which then fades into those syrupy, floral notes that were on the nose and then a quite sweet white grape juice. The finish is a slightly malty rosewater reduction.
It can also give people a very quick temper. A majority of the emergency medevacs from McMurdo and Pole over the winters are injuries due to fights; our current doctor here on station has worked a while at Pole, and had a number of broken jaws, hands, and a lot of other fight-related injuries. There's more stories then I could remember of people completely flying off the handle for the most comically minor of reasons, like the cook putting too much cheese in the lasagna or something.
Many of those spoken to last week said they had fled to South Africa to find food.
NBC's fall schedule is now in play and I have to say, it's puzzling. This network keeps trying to find its way back from last place (okay, technically the CW is last but unfortunately, that's never likely to change) but not sure their latest plan of attack, which looks to be combining comedy and drama on nearly every night with very few returning shows, is going to work. It's a choice, I suppose. But they seem to cancel more shows than anyone ... a show doesn't do well after two or three eps, it's out. And this was the network that once gave life to Cheers - not at all successful its first season but when given a second went on to be one of the net's most successful series, going 11 seasons. Times, they have changed.
The Micronotz - 40 Fingers (Homestead 1986)
We have by now stopped on the hard shoulder while we try and sort her out, stopping her from drowning in her own vomit. We manage, but ParaGirl is gagging. "I don't do vomit", she gasps between hiccups. Well, you are in this job, and in the back of an ambulance swimming in it, so you just have to.
12:35 a.m.: Malijet is reporting that an army officer, a certain Captain Sanogo, has mounted a coup d’etat and that his mutineers have vanquished the presidential guard protecting Koulouba. No word on the whereabouts of President Amadou Toumani Touré.
Everyone is French and includes a teacher, a nurse, a judge, a fashion researcher, a chiropractor, a kitchen designer, two dental technicians, a tax inspector, an accountant, a builder, a children’s author, a physiotherapist and B&B proprietors!
Before I had kids I swore that they would never be allowed to watch much TV. I've always been uncomfortable with television being used as a baby sitter and I always imagined them playing creatively with their toys, helping me around the house or letting me read to them. Then I had a real child. A real child who is loud, bored easily and whose idea of creativity is stamping my kitchen table permanently with pictures of blue mice.
Which would you choose. Write the new book or continue the series?
The important part – ALWAYS, always have a screwdriver with you and stay on the side of the door with the screws while installing. You’ll need to test the door here and there, and once and a while there may be a little something off. Sometimes, not often, but sometimes the door can latch just so in the process and may get jammed. You need to be able to take the knob off (with your screwdriver) if the door gets stuck.
I saw a face
But as our journey began to unfold, God laid it on our hearts to be open to adopt children that others have looked over. Although initially intimidated at the thought of the unknown, we began asking questions. Lots and lots of questions. And for those who are still walking the elephant to the door, here is what we discovered;
Event coordinators have even invited President Obama to attend. He has an invitation, and his own board if he chooses to come.
Through the force of our will
Bake blind for 15 minutes
This weekly ordeal was especially a tortuous thing for my oldest son, the most radically loyal fan of all, even to this day. Many a Sunday he would plead with me, practically in tears, “Can’t we miss church…just this once?”, to which I would unswervingly answer, “Get in the car!”. Football season was quite painful for him and I am sure that to some degree those times of sacrificing the Broncos for church was more than he could bear, perhaps scarring him for life.
03. American dream (Afterlife mix) - Jakatta / 4:16
Thirty-five years ago saw an event that had never happened before and that has not occured since. The technicians at the host broadcaster BBC went on strike and a little over a week before the final, the entire contest was postponed.
They look pretty cool I think! Wombat Girl is busy cutting out pieces for Pumpkin Head Zombie and I'm going to get Video Boy to help me with Vampire Zombie (undead and dead?). It was nice to do some craft as a change from all our science/maths type things. And just so you don't think we've gone all goth on you, I have actually ordered a book to make some "ordinary" felties too:
And at three a.m. he tucked himself into bed
Well that’s it from me for this week…..short and sweet, although lots of photos.
I have this fascination for mugs and am a sucker for cups too! For my daily dose of caffiene the thicker the mug the better.
and that is the risk of doing
Towles’s prose is as silken and smooth as the gin martinis his characters endlessly imbibe. But unlike their attitudes, it’s not glib or slick, although some of the dialogue gets a bit clichéd. Instead, he uses words sparingly and with precision which imbues the reader with a feeling of being enveloped in a different era.
Recept: (Sigh) Yes, he is.
Mr. Think turned to his assistants. "Take him"
As always, I have run out of time and am just finishing last minute projects. I'm sure you have all finished your Valentine's by now, but I thought I would post the rest of mine. It might come in handy next year!
After we came home and had dinner, we had another interesting conversation.
If one fails to take advantage of the ways and means of increasing knowledge, verily, he will be classified among those that are “willingly ignorant” (2 Pet. 3: 5).
* The risk of inflation increases. Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Charles Plosser has warned that the U.S. government’s emergency programs for the economy undermined central bank independence and raised the risk of inflation. “When a nation’s treasury or finance ministry and its central bank work too closely together‚ there is a clear risk that the government’s spending will end up being financed by the central bank’s power to create money‚” Plosser cautions. “History shows us that you can get very bad economic outcomes with rapidly rising inflation.”
The Syrphidae/Flower-Fly family hosts countless mimics of bees and wasps.
Sitting outside
being your mother is a mish-mosh of naps, spilled drinks, trips to the park, bike-riding lessons and bedtime stories. i pack your lunches at night so we don't have to rush in the morning. i lay out socks, shoes, jackets in easy-to-reach spots so you can get yourselves ready with ease. i brush your teeth. i help you make your beds. i fix zippers and snaps you can't yet reach. i make sure homework (mar) and extra clothing for accidents (jack) are in your backpacks. i hug. i kiss. i tell you i love you.
However, I may never get to find him. Nobody knows the name of the girl my sperm donor knocked up when they were only 15.
Gene proclaimed us Spartans again, and then proceeded to run me into the ground.
I passed through Stocksfield on the 5th leg of my Walking the River Tyne Westwards Project and did'nt have a lot of time to explore it fully but I intend to visit again maybe on the next leg of my River Tyne walk.
I ask this seriously–not necessarily in the literal sense–as I know what it means to have a biological pump inside my chest pumping nearly 2000 gallons of blood through my meat puppet each day..
Our song keeps runnin' on
This one called for taking everything out of both fridge and freezer; tossing what was gross; quickly scrubbing the inside of the fridge/freezer while everything was out of it; putting the good stuff back in but in a more organized manner. (There is some Food Waste Friday material from this challenge that you will see later). I actually didn’t do this task. I woke up Sunday morning to TGF doing it for me. He even took pics!
While my brother Terry then stood there distracted by the fact that it was daylight and he was standing, I spotted a stick with a flat end and one smaller than that nearby. Chuckling with evil intent, I ran to the turd deposit and shoved the stick under and teetered towards the car.
140 grams of butter, softened to room temperature
I'm still here, trying to recover from all the madness that this summer has been full off. Right now I'm relaxing after hosting a bridal shower and stuffing way too many people in my little house. Which looks wayyyy different than the photos on my blog show.
A few of the dorkier kids hung on Miss Flint’s every word. Most however, looked like Connor felt, anxiously fidgeting in their seats as the clock took its sweet time getting to the magic hour. Five minutes till Spring Break, and Flint was gonna use every single one of them.
I'm in the middle of my blog tour with Lure Of Forever and I'm running a contest. Comment on any of my stops for an entry to win one of three copies I'm giving away. Comments have been a bit thin on the ground really, so check those posts out, otherwise I might get paranoid and think nobody loves me!
It brought with it a magical eve full of excitement and anticipation.
It has very less running cost. Since there is less moving parts it has less maintenance cost. A lot of advantages are there for electric vehicles.
倾倾我我
Luton borough council and the bedfordshire Police gave permission to these Muslim fanatics to protest. Our council and Police force need to decide if they back this disbanded Terrorist group Al-Muhajiroun or they back the local residents of luton!
The last 100 years of Norfolk history has been filled with a variety of issues ranging from corruption to revitalization, problems in race relations to modern day communities, and everything in between. What locality hasn’t had some form of those same characteristics? It is Norfolk’s unique history to those characteristics that make me keep living in it everyday, and honestly loving every minute of it. Additionally, Norfolk is a transient city, being home to the largest naval installation in the world. Locals are far and few between, and in some cases, unexpected.
as Mercy, emerge winner.
This is my stock of rough pine. It's about 6" wide and 1 1/4" thick and rough on all sides, meaning no smooth sides. I prefer working with wood like this. I can make it whatever size I need and find a satisfaction in taking the wood from rough boards to a finished product.
I am very much looking forward to hearing Dr Craig speak.
Just then the shuttle jumped from her hand and out the door. However, it began to weave a carpet before the threshold, a more beautiful one than anyone had ever seen before. At its sides blossomed roses and lilies. In its middle, against a golden background, there were rows of green upon which hares and rabbits were jumping about. In between, stags and deer stuck out their heads. Colorful birds sat above in the branches. The only thing missing was their singing. The shuttle jumped back and forth. It was as though everything was growing by itself.
for my life. I have a wonderful family, dear friends
So, one wonders what kind of Quran does this ignorant mufti is reading from? There are hundreds of verses in the Holy Quran urging Muslims to resist and oppose oppression, so why does this so-called mufti overlook all these ayas? Isn't he by so doing displeasing the Almighty in order to please the decadent Saudi family?
Line a bun tray with paper liners and fill each 2/3 full. Bake for 12-15min.
I did line my sheet pan with aluminum foil and also placed foil around the bottom of the springform pan. I did not add in the raisins either or the pine nuts. I did not think my husband would have eaten it if I had but I did of course, add in the dark rum which is a MUST.
Just like The Book of Illusions, The New York Trilogy keeps you on the edge and keeps you guessing. Like I mentioned in the interview these novels are a little "dark" and "leave you a little chilled" but I can't help wanting more, so next on my list is 'The Brooklyn Follies'.
But don't think for a minute I was going to buy some new-fangled 4-CD extravaganza with a boatload of useless extra tracks that should have never seen the light of day. No, I went to GEMM.com and picked up a used vinyl copy for a very reasonable price. It got here a few days ago.
Building that street team, fan base that helps out or fan club that is pushing your marketing that much further, can be really amazing for your overall gig promotion, social media promotion and marketing. Still, you have to take care of them, not use them and not abuse them. On top of all of that, making them feel a little more special, in return, it will help them stay around and want to work that much harder for you.
1. Music. I can’t recall any form of a sound track. Where was it? This is a strange thing to say because a lot of other reviewers praised the movie’s sound track, but I felt the opposite. It was too quiet. A stronger sound track would have evoked more emotion from me. The movie tried portraying Katniss as a strong character but she was so reserved and quiet that a sound track should have filled the gap.
And Pingu… it’ll gradually fade away. Besides being not a very good idea in the first place, public acceptance will count toward its demise – the key thing that Steve Jobs and his lot miscalculated… people, in general, are becoming increasingly fed up being ‘recommended’ things.
‘Did you represent him when he was arrested for assault on a police officer in 2005?’
All this earth..
The papers are Fancy Pants and I've used Copics to colour. A little glossy accents on his glasses.
Due to its farmland location, the course stuck to footpaths and rights of way, unlike a full mountain marathon which takes competitors off piste.
In terms of ease of carry, battery life and long service, and the price is cheap, the computer is becoming a favorite among journalists. It weighed more than 2 kg with dimensions of 30 x 21.5 x 4.5 cm (12 "x 8.5" x 1.75 "). Also this laptop use by 8 KiB RAM is expandable to 24 KB, and a 3 MHz processor.
At -2.3% in March, real interest rate — the difference between the policy rate and inflation — continued to be expansionary (though less expansionary than -3.8% in January. Nonetheless, even by this count little room to ease monetary policy.
I seriously could not be more proud of these kids! I was almost in tears congratulating them and telling them they did so good! Not only did they do a great job, they tried hard, had fun and are totally learning about healthy activities for now and in their future! It makes me even more proud of where I am now compared to a year ago. I would have really struggled to run a mile with them last year at this time...and to think not only did I do it, but I am teaching my kids something so important! Being healthy, being active and having FUN together!!!
I’m not a big steak person so giving up beef isn’t that big a deal. I converted to turkey burgers a long time ago, only eating beef burgers from time to time. I eat pork a couple of times a year, usually ham for holidays and my family recipie of chopped North Carolina Style bbq (also known as pulled pork). I make that like once in the summer. Once again, I happily replaced pork bacon with turkey bacon in my diet.
She said “Henry ain’t here but you can come on in he’ll be back in a little while”.
This is where it gets exciting. I got 3 back and knew almost immediately I wanted the first one (pattern much?). With only a few tweaks that Erica swears are no big deal, we talked a hundred miles a minute about what works and why we wanted it. We settled on what would be changed and I bought the istock photo for $18 (a freakin’ bargain, given the circumstances of what I’d pay otherwise).
The plot thickened still further early this evening when The Slog followed up an obscure Wikileaks story relating to the problematic Murdoch-owned social networking website MySpace. Released Assangist documents show that an email from Mike Duffey, Special Agent, Florida Department of Law Enforcement Computer Crime Center, to the ICAC Task Force mailing list, described the ease with which he obtained a suspect’s information from MySpace . By contrast, the technicalities he had trying to get similar information from Yahoo and AT&T when claiming “exigent circumstances” were far more protective of networking privacy.
I worked all day by myself in the workshop near Abergavenny, going in for breaks and cuppas!
Horrified, Sophie insists that the BFG help her to stop the giants from eating people...but it is going to take a mighty plan and a lot of help.
The reason I chose this picture for repetition is because there is repetition throughout this whole image; although they may be doing different things on each side, it is clear that every individual image within this still has a counterpart on the opposite side. For example, the women at the top on both sides of the swords, the women wit the water bowls, the red scarfs falling, the woman and man fighting with swords, the women with the goat horns, and the two women crawling on the floor towards the center. The picture, although it does appear to be visually heavy through out uses a uniform background in the entire shot. The pillars and colums and walls are the same on both sides. The colors are also being repeated. This shot only contains very dark, gold rustic colors, with the exception of the light being shown on Kanye West and the light sky in the back of the pillars. The idea of the body in its natural form is also being repeated, hince all the people execpt Kanye west are either completely naked or have a a small piece of clothi
At the Grade 2 level the units are entirely animated. no reading ability required. For all of the reasons I have already mentioned this is a blessing. Skwirk is an independent program no matter what level you are looking at.
a few of the trims:
The book moves quickly. Maybe the series did well because female P.I.’s were scarce in the paperback originals world. If you’re going to have a long wait somewhere and don’t want to get into anything you have to think about, a Honey West book may be good time passer. There’s a lot of absurdity as revelations come one after the other. Despite the violence etc. it’s a light series made for the airport/bus station book rack.
What with the bubba having a throat infection and the Frog being in Germany I've had a couple of days to concentrate on writing this week and do writerly stuff. I wrote a few chapters on the wip. I'm not altogether happy with them, but it did make me think: 'What is the purpose of these chapters?' and I think I've got that pretty clear in my head now.
But one of the reasons so many of us respect Dr. Tyson is because he tells it like it is (and he’s so effective in the process). I have a hard time believing he just misunderstands the terminology (at least as it’s used by the general public).
And Allah had also granted to me “the gift of people” – of those who had come into my life and given me so much in various ways. At Gambang, I managed to reconcile with my parents, and then my sisters. This one is critical; the blessings and support of your parents especially. Then there was David, whose contributions and support when I was at Gambang and after have been enormous (I can write a few posts specifically on him alone – and I do wish to. However, I have to respect his request for privacy) …
they haven’t been
As I tried to suggest in my introductory overview to this week-long retrospective, I think I was able, in 2009, to lay the groundwork for positive outcomes ahead. Professionally speaking, I'm getting more involved in film-related writing outside of my day job at The Wall Street Journal, and it's even gotten to the point where I'm occasionally asked to take on assignments, if I can. That sounds like some kind of progress to me, suggesting that I'm making some of the right connections at the workplace, that I'm impressing someone at the office with the work I'm doing. As far as connections go, I've made some inroads in at least knocking on the door of the cinephile community both in New York and online. And, of course, I'm trying to ramp up my blogging output here at My Life, at 24 Frames Per Second, and see if maybe I can build up a sizable audience with this here online journal. (Now, I just have to get better at self-promotion. If you all like what you read here, tell your friends!)
Head Smash
Next, prepare the salsa. Boil the 3 ears of corn in salted water for about 15 minutes. While the corn in boiling, finely dice the onion, peppers, and tomato and combine in a mixing bowl. Finely chop the cilantro including the stems and set aside. Combine the remaining dressing ingredients. Once the corn is finished cooking, let cool for at least 10 minutes. Cut the corn off the cob and add it to the pepper and onions.
Then there was one IBCLC, Debra Page, who saw him stick out his tongue and said I think he is tongue tied. I asked her to explain because when I worked in the hospital, the babies I saw who were tongue tied could not stick out their tongue past their gums, and if they did, it was heart-shaped on the tip. She said there were different types of tongue tie, the obvious ones are type 1 or type 2, and it looked like Aidan had a type 3 posterior tongue tie. I had never heard of this. She explained that he couldn't elevate or lateralize his tongue, and when he did stick it out, it was duck bill shaped, not pointed.
Many people wake up in the morning to go to a place where they trade their time for money. They do this day after day, month after month, and year after year. They wonder why they can never get ahead in life. They can’t seem to figure out why seemingly only a few people reach financial independence. What these people fail to realize is their linear income producing activities will never yield them the type of harvest they so desperately desire. I say if that sounds like you then it’s time to get out of line!
And that big number of $36,500? It stayed arbitrary. I just kept plugging away at the number $108, which seemed more manageable and doable.
After that, there was...well, home time, more movies and computer games, and then a brief jaunt off to the neighborhood pool before dinner, which was thrown together hastily, as I had my eyes on the bigger prize - a HUGE vat of homemade salsa, from my garden tomato-and-jalapeno haul.
*piles of cookbooks
There are some redeeming qualities, of course. Nikki's friend Jules is funny and likeable enough, Ashton's mythology is intriguing (if not quite mind-blowing), and Cole is easily the best part of the novel, even if he fits every bad boy trope on the books. But in the end, I just couldn't get past how bland Nikki was, and how she seemed to be brutally tossed around by the events of the story instead of taking charge at any point. I'm not saying every character has to be smart, strong, and ferocious a la Katniss, but I'd like to see them show some backbone at some point.
Less than two years ago my husband Steve suffered a major heart attack with six blockages. We’d recently moved to Florida and only begun to make friends. The day before his heart attack I’d been invited to a lunch gathering by a gal in our new church. Carol’s was the only number in my new cell phone as I drove north to a strange city where Steve was being airlifted to a heart center. Tears choked my words as I asked her to pray. Not only did Carol alert a lifeline of prayer warriors, but she and another friend showed up to sit with me the entire day at the hospital as I waited for our children to arrive.
1. National Investment Bank
I haven’t been blogging as much, I think partly to stressors (both good and bad) like after the car needed a head gasket *THEN* the master cylinder for the brakes went. The landlord finally pretty much finished the roof section over my part of the house last weekend. I’m hoping I can find a time stretch of reasonable uneventfulness to just sort of channel my chi so to speak.
And then we'll do some science. And art. And math. And other stuff. (Can you see my blatant bias?)
2008 – Shongile female, Vyeboom Dam male, Shongile’s brother (2:1 male), born in March 2008
I don't want to say that I have bad experience with this project, just I need to play more with my settings to get the small pieces to cut out correctly. That's why there is no bodies to Woody, Buzz or Bulls eye. I guess I will have to try when I am not under so much pressure to get them done while the kids are at school, to hide them so I could surprise everyone.
What looks impossible for us is just right for you.
About the Author: Cressida Elias BA Hons, is a children’s author and cookery author.
Gradually, these brave men and women won the hearts and minds of villagers, who for generations had found solace in the chanting of local shamans and the worshiping of pagan gods. Over the past century, the Christian faith has passed down from generation to generation despite the government’s brutal persecution against Christians in the 1960s and 1970s. In those villages, Christianity has taken root and become a part of the local heritage. It is as indigenous and life-sustaining as qiaoba, a popular buckwheat cake. During my visit there, I never felt that the locals had embraced a foreign religion. It blended seamlessly with the local cultures. Villagers held their services led by local leaders in their native tongues, and celebrated their Eucharist or Christian holidays in a way that they knew the best—local delicacies. It definitely had a distinctive Chinese identity.
Solace 2 fathers/mothers we’ll stand 2gether
I was looking at the new Kindle Fire which looks cool because you can download books and movies and music and it's in color and it seems fairly reasonable in price. But just this morning I read an article that said it works best with Amazon Prime, a $79-a-year subscription that gives you easy access to all those movies, books and music. And all of a sudden, it doesn't seem so reasonable anymore. Granted, $79 a year factors out to about $7 a month, which is a cheap price, but I already have a Netflix subscription for movies, basic cable (about 20 channels) for TV shows, not to mention those hundreds and thousands of books. Do I need to add all of this extra content? No. Not really. But again, I could use the fun money fund and afford to get both the Kindle and a one-year subscription to Amazon Prime and it would be no skin off my nose (it was all gifted money), I'm just not sure I should. (And to clarify: all of my other funds take care of bills and things, this really is just "fun" money.) I could of course forgo the Prime and just u
Butterfly punch
2. The Secret Powers-What Every Rose Grower Should Know (Self-Released)
97) I am a keyboard pounder. I took typing for two years in 7th and 8th grade, and we learned on old manual typewriters. According to the Spouse Sparrow, I still sound like I'm on a manual typewriter.
TOMORROW: End of Days
People who debate the role of ‘nature’ (the DNA you are born with) versus ‘nurture’ (how you are raised) will say that BOTH are important in child development, and you cannot clearly separate one from the other. I say those folks overlooked the Princess Gene. We tried to raise Little Miss Adorable in a very gender neutral, non-traditional environment. It didn’t work – the Princess Gene took over.
Indiana University School of Social Work
Me: Hm, I suppose we should make a Christmas list for Xena. What do you think she’d want? More sparkly balls? Another shoelace to chase around? Some treats and gooshy food?
Pumpkin, being a low acid food, must be pressure canned. I placed my filled jars into my pressure canner (follow the directions that come with your pressure canner). I processed my pint jars at 10 pounds of pressure for 55 minutes (quarts would be processed for 90 minutes).
I loved Marty Whelan. His morning show on Lyric got me through the bailout, the election and the lack of revolution that these events inspired. His soothing voice, his bad jokes, his occasionally awful taste in music all aided me in my slow coming terms with spending another day in this brutish country, leading this banal life. But today, today he parked in my space.
HOW NOT TO DATE A BEAR
But, all is not over for Chelsea, as they would be eager than before to win the Champions League. It would not only bring the trophy to Stamford Bridge, but also grant them a place for Champions League football next season. If blues win the trophy, Chelsea would qualify for Champions league and the team that finishes in the fourth spot (in EPL) this season will be automatically rejected for Champions League and would be sent to the Europa League.
I also received - found it in my junk folder - an email from a nice woman named Tania, telling me about a line of skirts from 'Doris Designs', which really captured my imagination. I love when people start companies that aren't trying to cash in on a trend, that just feel sprung from the heart. I could see a million ways to wear these classic skirts:
The wearing of clothing is, on top of this, a personal choice. What right does France or anyone in the world have to impose their values on someone else? Impose their choices on anyone else? I don’t see anyone complaining of Sikh turbans, or even the small swords that devout Sikhs carry on their person, as part of their religion. Surely that’s more of a threat than anything – to go around armed? So why the double standards?
I am in a completely different situation.
We hope that everyone enjoys the day because today is the day where everyone gets to be Irish ;) It is a day where I spend some time thinking of my own Irish Grandfather up in heaven and his beautiful wife who's birthday would have been two days from now. It is also a day to celebrate a beautiful little girl who turns 4 today!!
Marks on the walls, a fun reminder of the past, the dinky rooms, with a single window and a tiny air conditioner built into the wall with a separate heater. The Luna had an old menu posted on the wall from their restaurant. It was once a fancy place.
The Singles “I’ll be there for You”, “Bad Medicine”, “Livin on a Prayer”, and “You Give Love a Bad Name”, all reached #1 on the Billboard Top-40 Charts.
around the eyes
You don’t have to give wedding favors. They’re not a mandatory item like the wedding bands.
Food Insecurity
This past weekend I finally finished the the central part of the blanket. I looked at Roger, "Finished! All I have left to do is the trim around it. Now when is the baby due"?
4) It really is kind of stupid.
Hey Everyone, I hope you all are enjoying this beautiful rainy. I know I’m not…lol
I don't want to lose my band. I don't think I can continue this weight loss without it.
Frenchie Frenchie Frenchie 1978 obscure 7" by Fatsy Wataire. No need, no wonder.
Some 250,000 people gathered for the Bersih 3.0 rally in several parts of the capital on April 28, 2012 clamouring for urgent electoral reforms to be carried out before the next general election. The event saw protests in over 80 cities around the world. They were all focused and united for a mutual cause.
some big plans coming up soon. I might just surprise ya. See you Monday.
On to my creation! I have to say, the set Flourishes is sneaking today is just such a whimsical set. Have you seen it? It's called Make a Wish and it's fit for royalty! It comes complete with tiara, wand and some beautiful and frilly slippers! Because this want is just so different and has a definite Marcella Hawley touch, I just had to use it for my creation!
2But his delight is in the law of the LORD, And in His law he meditates day and night.
The racist judge, Patrick Treston, declined media applications to publish police station CCTV footage of the assault. (Source)
She says, ‘I am content when wakened birds,
2. It takes approximately 45 seconds to assemble.
Was there a holy sword? Yes. Magical armor? Yes. Girdle of Giant Strength? Yes.... You get the idea.
Below are the ones I did read.
But, man, watch "Deanie" let it all hang out! No restraint there. If Martin's influenced by anyone in that clip, it's not Crosby but the man performing alongside him. And the always energetic Armstrong seems even more energized alongside Martin. A musical chain reaction is what we're looking at here. But you're not supposed to look at music, are you? So close your eyes and listen. Dino and Satchmo could be brothers.
Anyway, my point is that although we discover that certain approaches in parenting are more helpful than others, this doesn't mean that we are 'bad' parents or are irreparably damaging our children.
And I love watching my kids excitement as something hot is pulled from the oven.....and that terribly long wait it takes to cool so we can have our first bites.
Am here, am here
At an adoption conference last fall, a wise mom who has adopted many more children than I have told me, "If your well runs dry, everyone around you goes thirsty."
Martha Stewart Double Border Punch - Infinite Loops
“Why did this imaginary monster/good guy let you go? You must understand why he would murder others while treating you good? You were there!”
“Imposing columns surround the school in the way of the temple, but are only wide enough for the pathways leading to the main walls. Rising three stories, the first floor is given way to the cafeteria, library and a small theatre along with other main rooms. The second floor is for the various classrooms and the third is the faculty lodging. The second and third floors open to an interior open courtyard, accessible by stairwells located on the balconies.
Today, the area around the house has transformed into a pitiful place, wedged on all sides by vendors selling anything from fruits to pirated DVDs, with a faint aroma from a stinking canal, electrical wires hanging from everywhere and potholes marking the streets and alleys. Just the same, the place instills some national pride as well as gratitude to the family who endeavored to preserve the place. Truly a heritage treasure.
The agency's executive director, retired senior public servant Phil Charko, is being paid about $150,000 a year to work part time. Now, all in, this isn't much more than chump change. One hopes that the culture of waste and reward described isn't more widespread. But it's another example of a Canadian government not very good at fiscal planning, atop its reputation for fiscal non-disclosure.
If I look at which needs Money Mastery and dancing at the Gilkinson’s Ball satisfy, I can see why each is important to me. Money Mastery gives me personal growth and a sense of belonging/connectedness. Both of those figure high on my list of importance. However, going to the ball also gives me belonging/connectedness, as well as variety and a huge sense of significance ( yes my ego enjoys being boosted; my dance card is full !). I feel torn that I may miss some of the seminar in order to feel the belonging and connectedness that getting ready for the ball gives me with my girlfriends, but I also feel I will be a ‘ party-pooper’ by leaving to go to bed instead of continuing on into the night with an after-party so that I can return to Money Mastery the next day to continue my personal growth.
I have some great friends, and along the way I have been edified and often rescued from some fairly silly pity-parties by their resourcefulness and can-do attitude. I think everyone needs a friend, someone who is going to encourage you and tell you that you can do it.
While the weekend relied on the hard work and co-operation of all NUTS members present, special credit must be given to NaSTA Co-ordinator Chris Leyland, and his assistant co-ordinator Kathryn Feavers, who have been working tirelessly since last year to put on the greatest NaSTA so far. I think it’s fair to say that their work has been incredibly triumphant.
Back at my assignment, a medic passing by stopped to tell me something. He had responded to his first motorcycle fatality. There was a hint of creepiness in his story in that he seemed almost giddy in witnessing the first real sign of spring, as if he has seen a robin or something. A rider was stopped a a light when an SUV came from behind and sent him flying and, as he described it, "popped his helmet off". I've always thought that riding a motorcyle would fun except, of course, for that being smashed by a car and sent flying thing.
I dag har vi lært : Perfect Distress Mist Technique, Perfect Distress Technique, Perfect Splatter Distress Technique...likte veldig godt den siste teknikken ♥
Genre: Crime Thriller, Mystery/Suspense
Autumn even got in on the fun. I made sweetened whipped cream to top a couple of the pies and threw the disposable piping bags in the trash when I was done. When I wasn't looking Autumn stuck her snoot in the garbage and started licking the cream off the bags! My mom caught her in the act so I snapped a few pictures of her. She looks quite pleased with herself :-)
Jesus Christ, the Lord,
In a postscript to the correction they admitted that the original Canadian study had referred to fishing tackle, not plastic debris, as the threat to the marine environment.
In fact, I’m a humble person who prefers a low-key profile. I have a Master’s Degree in International Finance from one of Europe's oldest universities. Most importantly, I’m a successful businessman with a deep love of economic analysis and the stock market.
I like how they used different cake stands to showcase different sweets. I like the idea of having cake balls but not sure if they'll be necessary. If they are, I think I prefer them showcased cake pop down (like above) as opposed to sticking in styrofoam. (I officially cannot believe I even have an opinion on that...)
Only time will tell.
It's all about priorities, and I know this book is important to me and I know it needs to get finished. I also know it's not going to happen when I'm glued to twitter/facebook/blogger/google analytics (what? like you don't check your stats ever!) all day.
3/31/2012 Philadelphia, PA – Tacony Billards with Edo G
The Samaritan Woman
You all know how much I love a good launch party ... what you might not know is that I'm laid up with a stress fracture in my left foot, and I have a cast and everything. It's kind of hard to party in a cast, so I made a decision: if I can't come to the party, I'll bring the party to me!
-”you mean you’re happy .”
What this can teach everyone is not to get hung up when you're "stuck." Don't let statistics, or expectations, or what happens in the past be a definer for what you're capable of. If we limit ourselves, we will never truly be able to realize our true potential.
Uhhhmmmkay.
★ Highlight text
Where does one start? I suppose one could start with the famous bit of Thornton which is the house where the Bronte sisters were born before the family moved a few miles up the road to Haworth. Or one could feature the beautifully curvaceous Thornton railway viaduct which crosses the valley like an ancient relic: sans trains, sans rails, sans everything. But what really struck me about the village of Thornton, which is only two or three miles from the centre of busy metropolitan Bradford, was the way the little streets of old stone terraced houses threaded up the side of the valley, linking nothing with nowhere, pasture with moorland. I can't remember the name of this little street, but if you Photoshopped out the two cars and drained the shot of colour, it could have been taken at any point during the twentieth century.
I told her, in no uncertain terms, that she would not be welcome. I am not some political trophy - I know that she just wants to shoot me, so she can have a another photo of a world leader on her wall - as if I was endorsing the rather strange lady.
It was a case of so close but so far for the Blackburn Hawks as they brought the curtain down on the English National league season with a playoff final loss to the Billingham Stars. A capacity crowd were on hand to witness the Stars cap a remarkable season.
One year, the people kept turning up on top of the houses. I asked my daughter - she was 3 or 4 at the time - if she was moving them. She said yes, and I asked why they were on the roofs. "Because there is a flood coming, Mommy!" she said seriously. We love this little village, and add to it every year. This has become a new family tradition now.
According to Vertex: "In recombinant cells VX-770 increased CFTR channel open probability (P(o)) in both the F508del processing mutation and the G551D gating mutation."
thru my etsy store or locally in San Antonio!
My first car was a turquoise Austin A40 Farina
Today, however, I really want to write about a school project that I’ve been engaged in intermittently all academic year. This was at Limehurst High School, a middle school in Loughborough which is definitely the pleasantest, happiest secondary school I have ever encountered and where it was a privilege to be the visiting author. There are times when I question the value of author visits. If it’s a case of the ‘author talk’ delivered to every class in the school, I wonder what lasting benefit there will be. I am far more excited by being invited in to run workshops or, as in this case, to be a partner in a long-term project.
“We (men) would rather lose an arm out a city bus window than tell you simply, “You’re not the
The rigorous academic environment and strict uniform policy of black blazers, red ties and khakis isn't for everyone. The first senior class began with 150 students. Of those who left, many moved out of the area and some moved into neighborhoods that were too dangerous to cross to get to the school, King said. Fewer than 10 were expelled or dropped out, he said.
How about this Americans, for a way out of the b.s. that is urban life now. Try a MASSIVE ‘Cattle Drive Trail (Highway)’ winding through the entire USA several time. Look at any herdsmen in the ’3rd World’. They do not have issues with lack of food though living in tents and being constantly on the move . . . in fact pay the herdsmen in meat and perhaps land for subsistence farming – how about 1 acre for every 5 years of herding work (lots of younger men would be self sufficient in as soon as 5 years instead of having 100,000s in debt on compound interest – no education but subsistence farming is far better than being hoodlums and gang bangers etc.) and animal husbandry work including food and board sound fair? Better than the homeless food stamp culture dotted with criminals and prison culture paid for by the tax payer. Look at Libya’s Green Mountain Project, plenty of young people who do not need any education or education debt to be part of that and to at least be able to grow their own food. It’s just that simple.
Radio Panik in Brussels continues to amaze.
Love, love is a verb
1- Do you let your daughter go into a boys room when she says she is going over to "Hang Out"?
I just completed my 12 mile long run as instructed by my Novice Marathon training plan. Actually I ran 12.26 but who is counting. I was a little fearful of this run because on Thursday, my Achilles was angry and I ended up walking half of my 4.25 mile run. I didn't want to push it and end up injured. I stretched and iced for the better part of the week so I would be ready for today's journey. Here is how it played out:
We wound round and round the lakefront path sometimes running closer to the city and sometimes running right next to the beaches. What I didn't see, though, was a water station! At one point I heard a woman in front of me yell to a volunteer "Where's the freaking water station??" Amazingly, I was doing okay. I think the cooler weather and the rain really helped. And the wind no where near the conditions I encountered on my Thursday lunch time run so, to me, it was imperceptible.
Almond Joy measures 2.5" long by 1" wide by .75" thick. Usually I prefer dark chocolate with my coconut to offset the sweetness, but in this case, I don't mind it so much as the Almond Joy filling isn't as sweet as most coconut confections. It's also the one with the most coconut presence of any of these three. I usually don't like nuts in my chocolate as I don't like to mix sweet and salty flavors. However, the almond is a very mild flavor and doesn't compete heavily for the flavor in this bar. Almond Joy candy bars were brought to the market in 1946 but the history the chocolate and coconut candy bars goes back to 1919 when the Peter Paul Manufacturing Company created the first bar they called "Konabar." This idea sparked the "Mounds" (1921) and then the "Almond Joy" bars. In 1978, Peter Paul merged with Cadbury Schwepps; this merged group was then bought out by Hershey in 1988.
But the young, young children, O my brothers,
Do I really NEED this item?
In proximity with the planned meetings between Iran and the IAEA and with the P5+1, one can wonder what is an honest and objective contribute for these opportunities to become effective, and leading to a positive outcome.
Would our hearts contain the overwhelming awe and wonder of such a sight?
Last weekend was the "Neighbor's Party"... right. You're supposed to get together with your neighbors and try to socialize. Key word: try. If anyone actually did this, they are either:
This does not underplay the enormity and fear of HIV (which is immense) but rather shows just the level of fear, taboo and stigma around cancer and the challenges in accessing good standards of information, treatment and care.
Is that what they did? I don’t think so
Sure enough, he was nursing the beginning of a black eye.
Councilmember Peter F. Vallone Jr. last week blasted officials at the city Taxi & Limousine Commission (TLC) for approving a plan to issue street hail permits to livery drivers – including drivers that can’t speak English.
Okay so here goes:
Thats Right
Originally published at the New English Review
The student council is now basically an actual government within the school and then most of the rest of the episode is spent setting up a school-fucking-festival because this show just had to work one in there and the highlight of it is Inori giving a performance because HURR SHE’S AN IDOL.
If you're in the area this weekend....be sure to stop in!!
At this point, we may venture the question: why were these prophets punished for being nice to the people? After all, they were merely sharing a message of peace.
It has been almost 3 weeks I did not see any blood stain on my pantyliner. What a relief! I am praying for a smooth delivery and a healthy baby. I hope I don't have to endure anymore 'complications' till September.
Title- Bad Teacher (2011)
De stempelafdruk is ingekleurd met aquarel potloden en H2O's. Op de bloem heb ik Glossy Accents gebruikt.
Saturday morning I was dreaming about househunting, and was just rejecting a house because it was in an inferior school district (what a boring dream. Why wasn't I dreaming about flying or fighting aliens?), when we were abruptly awakened by our door slamming open and Kimmy rushing in with a handful of chocolate coins and her new toothbrush left by the Tooth Fairy.
Over the last few days in our Krafty Peeks, the girls have shared lots of new stamps from all our artists! We’ve got something for everyone!! Lulu is back from Cheryl Alger.....we know how much you love her!! So we have a new set called PLAYTIME LULU! We also have two fantastic sets of adorable BUGGIES from Emilie Goulet called BUG BUDDIES 1 AND BUG BUDDIES 2!!!
26For I was looking for good, and evil came; I was waiting for light, and it became dark.
A hydroelectric dam converts potential energy (and/or kinetic energy) to electrical energy by means of a turbine and alternator.
On Friday the National Portrait Gallery sent a letter of claim to a certain Derrick Coetzee, an American software developer at Microsoft. The NPG complains that Coetzee has uploaded more than 3,300 of their photos to Wikipedia. Coetzee does not deny that since joining Wikipedia in 2003 he has found it ‘strangely addicting’.
I do understand no-one likes to have their hair pulled, "you'd be mad too," is what my attending nurse said! Poor Prince freaked out...while in my lap, he snapped at my left hand, leaving two puncture marks over, and under my left thumb (can't bend my thumb;ouch)....I did get the snag out of his hair, and when I put him down, he freaked out even more, and bit my upper right hand, quite deep, and tore the skin to almost two inches...looks like a #7 nasty infected scar now!...the worst part is, that both my hands been inflamed, and swollen...getting better now with strong antibiotic, and antibiotic heavy cream!
some old PSX (personal stamp exchange) stickers came in handy. i used some glitter glue to add sparkle and change the stickers up a bit.
When you do what’s right– you’re never-ending-ly rewarded by the Universe.
Wide-spread and plentiful in much of South The united states, the presented American starling is perhaps and problematically the most successful chicken on there are. Often recognized as daring, this chicken is actually pretty careful and can be challenging to strategy. Poly­typic. Length 8.7" (22 cm).
With England on the cusp of revolution, Lucy inexplicably finds herself awakened to a world where magic and mortals collide, and the forces of ancient nature and modern progress are at war for the soul of England . . . and the world. The key to victory may be connected to a cryptic volume whose powers of enchantment are unbounded. Now, challenged by ruthless enemies with ancient powers at their command, Lucy must harness newfound mystical skills to preserve humanity’s future. And enthralled by two exceptional men with designs on her heart, she must master her own desires to claim the destiny she deserves.
Beginning stitches are often uneven and, if it shows, it can be very frustrating for the one stitching. In an attempt to keep projects progressive with their skills, I used blank canvas, tapestry needles and yarn. Tapestry needles are larger and easier to hold while the canvas provides stability and a guide for stitch length and direction.
Cache-A is returning to the IBC Conference this year with two new archive appliances for digital film, broadcast and video professionals working with file-based workflows:
This display of bitter media disappointment. followed weeks during which such seemingly disparate groups as trade unions, national newspapers and the Anglican church had all come together to condemn a single political party and appeal to the public not to vote for them.
Mark your calendars for our " HOLLY JOLLY" FABRIC SALE!! Christmas fabric on the bolt will be on sale Dec 14th - Dec 23th. Christmas fabric will be 40% OFF with a minimum purchase of 1 yard cut per bolt. While fabric lasts!!
I can hardly wait until I roll that first loop and coax a brookie to take.
I know that seems depressing. It happens to people all the time. I’m always impressed by people who take on physical challenges and overcome them as though it were not a handicap at all, but a great catalyst to success! (See Paul Schulte, and Stephanie Nielsen) I don’t know if I have that much strength within me to do that! I don’t want to find out either! So I live each day in grace knowing that I must do my very best and the Lord will do the rest!
A comma splice is when two strong clauses are joined together with just a comma instead of separating the two clauses with a conjunction, semicolon or period (full stop.) If I spliced that same sentence with a comma instead, we would get this:
In any case, I’ve got some work to do, chickens.
My quest to see if Topps left out anyone significant is rather pointless with the Cubs, because it's the Cubs! Come on! The guy with the most at-bats who didn't get a card is Dave Rosello. He hit .203 in 148 at-bats. Rob Sperring also didn't get a card. He hit .206 in 107 at-bats.
But, after all those facts and figures, what have we actually achieved? Tindle management has not, as yet, agreed to one concession after nearly 12 months of negotiation… will they do so now? We can only hope these two intense weeks will help focus their minds as they are forced to realise the massive groundswell of support for our campaign indicates that we are right and they are wrong.
free of clinging branches
He sipped from his cup of coffee, listening…waiting.
Yay for summer!
Using a variety of colours i chose to use the smallest heart on the sizzlet for this first card. I used the embossed houndstooth heart and added a short greeting banner. The key is also facing up. AND yes i cut out the DSP to shape the zig zag!...i hear gasps...! Trust me, it didn't take long at all and cutting is part of paper crafting.....right..? ; )
This is such a great photo of Joe and I really wanted to do a layout that spoke to him personally, and that I hope he will one day read and understand.
As I speak, I pivot slowly on the spot. As I turn my back on the pulled-out-all-the-stops sunset and face East, I gasp, tears welling up in my eyes. High in the sky is the thinnest brightest sliver of new moon. And curved over it with flawless symmetry is a perfect rainbow, arching over the crescent like a protective mother sheltering her newborn child.
no time, no flesh, to waste.
1 pound fresh meat, ground
The brutal treatment meted out to Soni Sori, and the prevailing situation of conflict and repression in Chhattisgarh, cause us grave concern about Soni in particular, and the situation of women prisoners, in general.
(one of the newest additions to my collection)
Do you keep track of how many hours of sewing you've put in? (I can't. My head compartmentalizes my sewing into 'sewing sessions,' which are whenever I can sneak in there. A session may be fifteen minutes while my husband reads a bedtime story to our daughter, or it may be two hours late at night.) Maybe a computerized machine will keep track for you? (I wouldn't know, my machine is mechanical and very simple. I have seven stitches, including the buttonhole feature.)
And the real shock was how much twist is in their singles -- Kaye had several spindles with Andean handspun on them, and the twist, well -- let's just say that corkscrews were fairly regularly present. There is a reason; the Andeans spin tightly, weave tightly, and knit tightly to give their fabrics water repellancy.
And that was it. Once again, I attempt to make something challenging and end up wanting to take another crack at it sometime in the future. We’ll see, its not tops on my list of redos at the moment.
But God how Redding had hated all of that bad business, however, he’d soon realized that when Andrew Petersen had blown him off that he would need to make a strong and definite impression on his next victim—Dr. Horner. Yes, the young man had done a nice job there, and now with getting rid of Hamilton he’d once again proven he had the grit to get things done. His name was Chad Wentworth and he was vital to the cause at the moment. He had connections Redding had tapped into. Nice political connections. And to think Chad had been discovered guarding the double doors outside The Brotherhood meeting in Valencia only four years ago. He had come a long way. And so had Chad’s major connection. Redding smiled and held his drink in the air, cheering himself.
What sort of snacks do you give to your children?
I know. It's pathetic.
the communion of saints,
Hang Up #3.
I can see
It’s no secret that a large proportion of Scala programmers originate from the Java developer community. I’ve been writing Java code since the late 90′s and have recently starting doing some dev work in Scala. Since I fall squarely within the target audience for Scala I’ve decided to share my experiences and impressions using Scala from a Java programmer’s perspective. Overall I’m very impressed by Scala and plan to use it more, but do have plenty of constructive criticism which I provide at the end of this blog post.
43. Laurie Biagini-A Go Go Girl In A Modern World (Self-Released)
Today, however, I'm breaking my rule.
Click here to see more Napa and critters photos!
Voice: I know, for I sat to him: I am the arch-angel Gabriel.
Mmmmm, walnut oil in a pretty tin.
That blood of heroes never dies.
For starters, I'd be fluent in American Sign Language and German.
5. Make a set of swatches out of the materials you use a lot and test them for yourself. Test not only the paints, pens and pigments, but also the paper, varnishes, and fixatives. Try them in all kinds of combinations so that you have an experimental control, and also you can see what happens with various interactions.
I finally took the plunge for a pair of designer Mother Jeans, and I'm in love. These flares are soo soft its like wearing pajamas..seriously. Everyone needs to try a pair..
Rarely does an album title ever perfectly capture how well an album truly is and Green Day’s latest album Awesome As F**k (the band’s fifth live album) does just that. Even as their song “Fashion Victim” (from their album Warning) says, “What’s in a name?” Green Day knows how to make an awesome album with a killer title. Ever since I could remember I have always been a huge fan of Green Day. Strike that. Since 1994, when I first heard Dookie, I have been a huge Green Day fan. For the past decade I have received the strangest looks from people when I proclaim this. Usually, there is some kind of remark along the lines like “How could you support those ‘Anti-Americans’?” or “Why would you support a band that ‘sold out’?” To those naysayers I simply say, “I will always remain a faithful fan through thick and thin because I truly love Green Day. Besides how many bands do you know can say they have made two iconic albums in two different centuries (Dookie and American Idiot)?”
In the meantime, I read a CNN column today that made me laugh. If you want to read it in its entirety, go here. Written by comedian Dean Obeidaliah the short version was this snippet:
On the plus side, The Snowman is tauter and far less bloated. The story whips along with little clues and red herrings littering the work and leading you towards the inevitable conclusion. In fact, this novel might be worth a re-read - just to check all the details that form part of the clues.
topics, including his health.
-1 clove garlic, grated
Take a good look at the photo and then, using your imagination, put yourself in the picture and dream what you'd like to do. Just to set the scene: it's a beautiful spring morning, there's still a freshness to the air but the sun in warm on your back. On the lake there are white swans and ducks feeding, and people walk, jog or cycle by. The trees are just showing their new leaves and spring flowers are littered underneath them.
Then she goes on to say that her car is not capable of getting up to 35 mph in the 600 ft. of road she was driving on. And it was cold outside, so her car doesn't accelerate as fast in the cold.
Thursday, Aug. 9
My 4 years old nephew had passed away yesterday afternoon peacefully at home. He’s gone so fast and so easily …. alhamdulillah!
My parents taught my siblings and myself that people were to be judged by their actions, not who they happened to be. It was no big deal that three of their best friends were gay -- two men who owned a restaurant had lived together for many years and a psych nurse who happened to be a lesbian. I was especially found of her because she let me drive her MG convertible after I got my driver's license.
Happy Halloween – Samhain
When I saw these two "young people" images I knew I just had to scrap a layout of my grandson Aidan and his best friend Sophie. She is the "older woman" being 9 to his 8 and is the centre of his world (just look at how he LOOKS when he is with her.) Sophie is an independent, creative and very, very smart young lady who has NO fear and is the first to come up with another great creative play idea. And while Aidan is also very imaginative and very smart he tends to be the more analytical of the two and he plays a more supporting role in their relationship. I love watching them together and I just love how these two Steampunk images captured my vision of their two personalities.
You may have noticed that they were a bit twisted, kinky, over-plied. Well, that is the way I like my yarns! Okay, not so kinked up, but I like the twist in the plied yarn, and that is how I did them.
And with a fading twilight,
Every man should have his own boundaries of how far he is willing to go to get a woman he wants.
I quickly explained that I couldn’t really see her, but recognized her voice. Then I cracked a couple of blind jokes to let her know it’s cool that life sometimes throws you curveballs and that there are upsides to everything – even crappy things like going blind. I am learning so much about the world, about industrial design, about human nature, and that the rule The Only Real Limits Are The Ones You Put On Yourself still applies.
Today William began his low dose IL-2 infusion. We spent a very long time at the clinic getting some labs test kinks worked out and then due to a shortage of home health nurses, finally got the infusion started around 8pm---at HOME. Despite the mild frustration from all the waiting and delays today, it is all better than being in the hospital. Normally this infusion is started under 24 hour observation in the hospital. However, William previously tolerated the low dose infusion just fine so the doctor cleared us to remain at home pending all other insurance approvals and various hurdles cleared. He'll complete the infusion on Friday night and we are hoping he keeps the typical fever side effect at bay so we don't wind up at the hospital for a late night antibiotic infusion. Then on Monday, Aug. 1st, William and I check back into UCSF for the 5 days of antibody therapy. This will complete round 4 of 5.
Edward Lear himself suffered from severe and debilitating episodes of epilepsy and was prone to lifelong periods of intense depression that he deemed “the morbids.” During his lifetime, he was primarily known as a travel artist (despite partial blindness) and all-around eccentric fellow. Despite this, he remains the only author I know who wrote a paean to inter-species love now considered appropriate literature for young children. But you’ll understand why if you know the poem, or if you read it following the cut.
4. You must follow my blog. (RSS feed or Google friend connect, bonus entry is you do both!) Please state how you follow. I will check. If you use RSS feed, make sure you confirm subscription. Please post a 2nd comment for Bonus entry
But I've recently been approached and asked to participate in one activity that, by any standards, is not OK at all. It's ethically wrong. In fact, it is probably illegal.
# B-12: YA: FLICKER
Hebrews 4:16 Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need.
No pattern
This bee preserved in amber is identical to present-day honeybees. These, with the same mechanisms they have possessed for millions of years, continue living in the same social structure. No “survival of the fittest” of the kind claimed by evolutionists is ever to be seen in beehives. On the contrary, bees behave with the highest levels of altruism and co-operation, in a beehive hierarchy consisting of the queen, workers and males (or drones).
My favourite:
I had never seen anyone, either in the neighborhood Olympics or the real ones on television, move as fast as that tiny little woman who gave birth to us did when she put it together. And the things she said… My God, I was awestruck. It was a veritable flurry of threats that even in my youth I found puzzlingly hypocritical. If my mother was so terribly concerned that I might possibly maim or kill my little brother, why on earth would she then proceed to threaten similar consequences if I didn’t get him, to use her words, “out of that damned wagon safely right this very minute”?
In a rational world, that kind of evidence should help to weaken anti-immigrant sentiments and policies, and to promote more open borders, which would be a good thing for the wellbeing of potential immigrants. But it would also be a good thing for the natives of the destination countries: it’s not just that immigration fails to harm the native population, but it actually provides some benefits. And those benefits exist even when we don’t limit immigration to high-skill immigration. That means that immigration restrictions can hurt the destination country, as is evident from the numbers cited here.
But those which learned scribes disclose
Lots more to come!
I wince and fall to one knee when I spot it, a stray flare off of the son. Looking at it, thinking about it, causes pain. I reach out to it, as if it was a pin jabbed into my side and I realize it is screaming across the sky.
don't go to school and I'm a SAHM so.... sigh.
Wandering Vines
Then I cut the open butterlfy and both glued together.
From what has been said of the testimonies from these abused women and their peaceful attitudes towards their abusive situations, they know the door is opened to them and that the door only passes through Christ. We must pray for the husbands to be converted. They are choosing the creature over the creator! This is idolatry which scripture warns about from the beginning. To worship even your spouse more than God is idolatry. We must only love others in a right-ordered manner beginning with God first, because He is love, and resounding through our spouse and everyone else we come in contact with daily, even our enemies, or even those that abuse us. As for the law enforcement officials that continue to do nothing about this situation, their sin is greater because they can put a stop to this evil by upholding the law! God is a God of justice and it will be served. The greater good seems to be the example of courage and perseverance of these Christian women, which has the same rippling effect as the evil does, but in a positive way. They
#2. Abita Amber
Floating over coral in the warm water, I saw an array of colourful schools of fish, like a festival. There’s the fish orchestra – the Trumpet, Drummer and Flutemouth – the arty creatives – the Parrot, Rabbit, Butterfly and Batfish – and the buskers – the Angel, Clown and Surgeon.
You are who you are, beloved,
Makes heads turn at the drop of her name
The next morning I loaded my car up with several cases of the Dogfish Head IPA, a couple of another beer of theirs, Raison D’Être, and a six pack of New Belgium Brewery’s Fat Tire. Keeping an eye out for Smokey and singing “East bound and down, loaded up and trucking” I felt like Jerry Reed in Smokey and the Bandit. I smuggled my load of beer from Texas across the Louisiana line all the way to our Arnaudville brewery. There are still some cooling in the beer fridge now, tempting me still to forgo brushing my teeth before bed tonight.
So, after a lot of postponing this trip finally happened. I wanted to go to explore this area of California for a long time. Some years ago my friends and I were traveling in Trinity Alps and eventually ended up in Eureka. We were driving back on 101 and I saw this gorgeous forest all around the two lane highway. It was beautiful. Much more than any of that I-5 desert. So, as it often happens, I had the seed planted in my heart for this place.
Stay tuned here, and I'll announce when my projects, complete with how-to instructions, are available at your local craft stores and to download online. And, let me know what magical creation you make...I'd love to see it!
(Regardless of the advantages of a Kindle! )
There is a third farm hand played by an African-American whose SCREEN name is “G. Howe Black”. You can imagine the kind of comedy this character generates. He is first discovered rolling his eyes and slurping a stolen watermelon. Later he will run through the skies as lightning keeps zapping his butt.
What if we really ARE busy (like when I am on the phone) and can't respond immediately?
The focal line is Romans 10:15 “How beautiful the feet of those who bring good news!”
02 - Blind Willie McTell
2 medium size fennel bulbs, cut into quarters
The piece (image ABOVE) I’m currently scribbling out (well, it is more than scribbling…more like the charcoal caressing the paper; much more special) has to do with the human emotions (the heart-specifically mine) and what happens to it when you’ve met a few insensitive jerks, basically. The heart gets metaphorically beaten up & yet it is still ticking. 50 monkeys don’t stop my show (although I haven’t had 50 romances…that would be very vulgar, huh?). Also, one develops a tough exterior and a heart of titanium to keep the heart from being penetrated as much. This toughness is represented by some objects in the drawing.
In 1845, arrangements became more formalised with the creation of the Société d’Encouragement du Club Bordelais, formed by horse racing enthusiasts who were members of the exclusive British-style club, the Cercle Bordelais. The society later merged with the Société des Steeple-Chases de Bordeaux, resulting in the Société d’Encouragement de Bordeaux, which continues to run the racecourse to this day.
C2 Turtle
p.s. I'm trying a new comment widget... hopefully this one works a little easier!
He's got one of the best haircuts in the history of the game, and was glad to see he's still rocking it...somewhat.
As Chris and I talked, we came to this conclusion:
Looking back in Paul’s recent days, he could not have presented the gospel to King Agrippa had he not been illegally detained in Caesarea. He would not have been inCaesareahad the Roman Captain Lysius not sent him there. He would not have been in Lysius’ care had that howling Jewish mob not attacked him. It all required a preparation. Who among us has the ability to order our own steps? They would indeed be carnal, fleshly. We cannot see what the next hour holds for things can change in the twinkling of an eye. But God does know. His omniscience incorporates eternity future as well as eternity past. He has an eternal purpose which involves you and me.
Step 1: Material
The emergence in our age of a new Third World, not only Afro-Asian but Latin American and Middle Eastern, was no mere geographic designation, as massive and substantive as that was. Rather, Third World became synonymous both with new forces of revolution and with those new forces as Reason. These new revolutionary forces–peasants as well as proletarians, Women’s Liberationists as well as youth anti-war activists–saw in that most exciting color, Black, so deep a revolutionary dimension and so intense an internationalism imbedded in their national liberation struggles that, far from being a “Third” World, it encompassed the whole world….
The local food network in my area (and I’m willing to bet in yours, too) is a close-knit community of farmers, chefs, bakers, cheese makers, etc. If you want something and can’t find it, ask around. I was amazed at what I learned once I started asking. Somehow in my mind, I thought that our local food producers would be highly secretive and competitive. While there may be some competition going on out there, the people I have found are pretty straight up. If I want something they don’t have, they don’t try to sell me something else. They tell me who has it. Sometimes they’ll actually walk me down to the other vendor and help me out. Crazy. And lovely.
Nigeria as being laced with
In reality (stop giggling; I know what reality is), I don't expect to hear any words of praise or loathing (I'm accustomed to both) for a while, especially since it is December, and nothing happens in December. But I'm a tad peeved that neither my editor nor my agent has bothered to send me an email to say they got the story and summary. That's a one minute event, even with a sneeze (assuming they have a tissue on them).
We'll start the ball rolling this week with our own query letters. This is a letter I sent to agents for my last completed novel. It received several requests for fulls and partials, probably because I had the letter critiqued by Saundra Mitchell:
Greatness takes time, patience, and effort Heck forget greatness, just being good takes time, patience, and effort. When we rush our efforts, they often go awry. Failure is not the be all end all. However, when we fail as leaders it is not solely a personal disappointment but one for the group as well. It’s like watching the poll results come in on election night; everyone is happy until their candidate comes out and concedes the race. The people working on the campaign feel the disappointment just as bad as the losing candidate. When we rush through our events, meetings, and lives, we all but concede the race. The TDE can needlessly sap all the energy and motivation from you and your group. It’s strong enough to stop a movement.
Preheat oven to 450 F. Toss cubed sweet potatoes with olive oil, salt + cumin and spread on foil-lined baking sheet. Roast for 20 minutes, flip/toss with metal spatula, and roast 10-15 minutes more, until tender and edges begin to brown. Add warm potatoes to a bowl with beans, onion, and chopped cilantro. Toss with zesty lime dressing (below) and top with toasted pumpkin seeds (toast in a dry skillet for 3-5 minutes) and salty cheese like feta or cotija if desired.
“Born in Switzerland, Ducros trained in Geneva before traveling to Rome in 1776. There he quickly established himself as a specialist in large, highly finished topographical landscapes in watercolor, which were prized for their realism by visitors on the Grand Tour. In 1779 Ducros entered into a partnership with the printmaker Giovanni Volpato to produce engraved souvenir views of Rome. Volpato, who had settled in Rome in 1771, was famous for his engravings after Raphael’s frescoes in the Vatican logge. The partnership of Ducros and Volparo flourished, and in 1780 they issued their first series of prints, Vues de Rome et des ses environs, which was published in Rome to great commercial success.”
A new dry bean for us this year is white cannellinis. Last year we had trouble getting these to germinate in the cold wet soil so we saved the seed from the few that did survive hoping to breed some cold soil resistance into them. It was cold and wet this year again and we got a good crop so maybe it is working. The best reason for saving your own seed is that you end up breeding strains that work really well in your garden, in your microclimate.
To be honest, though, I already find my patience with the beta wearing thin. I guess I’m just not much of a tester, but all the glitches and failures get tiresome fast.
Nothing lasts
slivers of grass
I'm back in England again!
Fear does not equal fact. Just because you feel something is true does not make it so.
Our love is old, our lives are old,
We will be let down when we put our stock in things this side of heaven by chasing the next best thing. This is a promise I continually fail to realize. Companies like Sears, Sony Pictures, American Apparel, Nokia, Saab, A&W All-American Foods, Sony Ericsson and Myspace are all about to be destroyed by more than rust and moths. They serve as a fresh reminder that nothing this side of heaven lasts forever.
Jesus, you know when you're looking below
Some other clearly Leftist initiatives that Mussolini took were a big expansion of public works and a great improvement in social insurance measures. He also set up the "Dopolavoro" (after work) organization to give workers cheap recreations of various kinds (cf. the Nazi Kraft durch Freude movement). His public health measures (such as the attack on tuberculosis and the setting up of a huge maternal and child welfare organization) were particularly notable for their rationality and efficiency and, as such, were rewarded with great success. For instance, the incidence of tuberculosis dropped dramatically and infant mortality declined by more than 20% (Gregor, p. 259). Together with big improvements in education and public infrastructure, such measures gave Fascist Italy what was
Bonjour à toutes! Non, vous ne perdez pas la tête, vous connaissez ce visage que vous avez vu il y a quelques jours ici même... Mais avant tout, c'est l'heure de Cupcake! Cette semaine, Sari a choisi le thème "Rose et Rouge"! Et vous allez adorer les créations des Cupcakes! A gagner, 5 images au choix offertes par Pollycraft, et un bon d'achat de $20 offert par Simon Says Stamp!
The 798 Art District is no longer cutting-edge, but still, it’s a glimpse into Beijing’s world-class art scene. I saw both documentary frankness and irony; a multi-pronged social critique. One show depicted a warehouse full of headshots of a sex worker, taken every few minutes all day. There are tons of Mao quotations for sale (on posters, shirts, bags, mousepads). I’m told this is nostalgia (hard for outsiders to understand) along with the irony we get immediately.
“In the 1970′s the resurgence in Calvinist theology was leading to a widespread impression among some evangelicals that Arminianism is at best subevangelical and at worst outright heresy (p 9). Throughout the 1980′s ad 1990′s the author discovered that his evangelical world was being affected by what one of his Reformed friends called “‘the revenge of the Calvinists”. Several evangelical authors and publications began to attack Arminian theology very caustically, and with misinformation and misrepresentation.Olson says,”I heard and read my own form of evangelicalism called “humanistic” and “more Catholic than Protestant” (p 8).
Peace and Love to you... and wishing you success in whatever you set your mind to!
When we got home from the mall and cleaned up, I suggested that we go camping. Since neither Lynnette nor I are the outdoorsy-types, camping means “sleeping in the living room.” We pulled out Madison’s tent and threw her tiny mattress inside. I dropped my pillow on the couch. Lynnette laid out on the fold-up mattress. Things were going pretty well – until we turned out the lights. Apparently, Abby was upset because all three of us were in the living room and she was sequestered to her cage. She kept barking. Madison was so tired that she fell asleep in the middle of it all.
As I parked the car beside the ferry terminal, my sense of foreboding only increased. The car park was jam-packed with vehicles, and hundreds of folk were milling around at a time on Sunday which most normal people reserve for breakfast and a cursory review of MP's expense claims.
A New Year!
Mint Sprig, for garnish and flavor
I was nineteen and passionately, newly married. I couldn't imagine anyone old being romantic. That is, until that moment, listening to my mother-in-law's words.
Anyway, I have mentioned Doyle (and Natalie) before, and Doyle is an adult with Spina Bifida. They have been an inspiration to us. Bobby is a double amputee after an accident, and I hope he doesn't mind being mentioned on the blog. His super sweet wife Andrea works for a local prosthetics and orthotics company. Both Bobby and Doyle are very, very athletic, which gives us an inside look at the world of sports for Charlie. Bobby has prosthetics to walk and run, and also hand cycles and uses a racing chair, swims and more. Doyle hand cycles, plays tennis, plays basketball and more.
Some brands take years to mature from a mere trade mark or indicium of origin into a fully fledged promise. This promise can take many forms. In the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, this usually meant a guarantee that branded products are reliable, repairable, durable, cheap, or functionally efficient. Thereafter, the promise has increasingly adopted aspirational content: slogans such as ‘Be sociable, have a Pepsi’, ‘Happiness is a cigar called Hamlet’, ‘Reach out and touch someone’, ‘Just do it’, and ‘Don't be vague. Ask for Haig’ tell you nothing about the goods or services in question, but say more about the manner in which the consumer views, values, or wishes to promote himself.
President Taft. from Washington late this afternoon, directed the secretary of the navy to order the scout cruisers Salem and Chester from Hampton roads to meet the Carpathia and send by wireless to the government a. complete li«t of the Titanic's survivors. The Chester was caught by wireless about 40 miles off the Chesapeake capes and by 4 o'clock was steaming northward at 20 knots an hour, aiming to get as quickly as possible into touch with steamers having news bearing on the disaster.
Trasnfer to a lightly oiled bowl and cover the bowl with plastic wrap. Let dough stand in a warm, draft-free place until it doubles in volume, about 1 hour.
There's the Witch's Dance:
For me she absolutely nailed the Twitter experience on the head. At the very beginning, she writes about how you join Twitter: the vehement hatred and outright denial of the pre-Twitter individual, and how their curiosity eventually gets the better of them and they become hooked, just like everyone else. I DID THAT. She explores the kinds of people who inhabit the Twitter universe, the online personas, the different breeds of celebrity and how they interact with the masses, how people use it in everyday life, the conversations, the viral videos and links, and Twitter cliques. There is a glance at the social politics of following and unfollowing, and the etiquette of messaging other people without looking like an eejit. The good, the bad and the downright ugly, it's all here - and as far as my own Twitter wanderings go, it's absolutely spot-on.
Here’s a collection of the photos the boys tweeted/posted recently, from Álvaro Arbeloa ready to watch “Game of Thrones” (love those arms!) to Karim Benzema giving us a photo with a different setting, but with the same awkward pose…
I just used my Aquapainter and Poppy Parade and Pool Party Reinkers on watercolor paper. I put a little grey around the image for a shadow.
Type of organisation: NGO/Others
Some of the excuses her parents use are kind of reasonable. They don’t have that good of an economic condition right now so they say she might feel kind of left behind from all the cool stuff everyone else is having. But the cool stuff aren’t necessary for life (even my computer isn’t), like the kindle she was cradling yesterday. Having an iPad and a kindle isn’t exactly “left behind.” On another note, I’ve seen her snatch the iPad from her grandmother when I was getting a haircut at their house. Her grandmother kind of let her do it, so I suspect it might be more of a discipline thing. After all, her parents don’t really tell her to study and let her go around doing her own thing. Since when did parents become friends with their children?
So the next time you stop by the San Diego – Chinese Historical Museum check out the lovely Chinese Minority Costume and Jewelry Exhibit.
The TED video is here. It is interesting that introversion tends to cultivate leadership and creativity. In a commercialized society like Hong Kong, extroversion is highly valued and (I think) overstated. It is very frustrating to know that my Hong Kong peers rarely do real reading. By “real reading” I mean reading that inspires contemplation and enriches one’s knowledge of how this world works.
We got outside with only about 15 minutes until we had to be on the bus again, and a mad search for sakura ice cream commenced. Everyone went to the wrong stand initially, but instead of standing around and whining that they were lied to, there’s no sakura here, I actually walked around the complex and found the place. I LOVE sakura flavored ice cream. I hope everyone gets a chance to try it. As strange as it sounds, cherry blossom has a great flavor. After that, we got on the bus back to Kansai International Airport, where some shopping commenced. I hadn’t bought any souvenirs in Japan, or any foods, so I decided I was going to splurge and get some duty free stuff at the airport. I ended buying macha-sakura Kit Kat (green tea and sakura – and they were freaking delicious. Did you know that Japan has about 90%, if not more, of all the Kit Kat varieties in the world?) and some chocolate covered strawberry mochi. They disappeared pretty quickly upon my return, not even going to lie about it.
“The crisis can only be solved by embarking on often-painful structural reforms and following up on fiscal consolidation,” said Weidmann. “If policy makers think they can avoid this, they will try to. That’s why the pressure has to be kept up.”
Me: ………………….
ms cherish punch
Him, making me feel deader, number
Cushing
Roo: E11, E30, E33, E34, Nose: C7 Ears: RV52 V000
Can Mr. Paul become the next president of the United States? At the risk of inflaming his supporters, I must say I doubt it. The media’s message is that he no longer exists, the question is settled and Mr. Romney is the Republican nominee. It is true Mr. Paul’s most ardent supporters are strenuously working at the precinct level to tilt the delegate count at the Republican convention in his favor. Do they have the numbers to pull that off? I don’t know. But knowing the ones involved locally I would guess their chances are better than 50/50. Will that type of organized effort be successful in enough states nationwide to put Mr. Paul over the top? Your guess is as good as mine. I’m not even going there.
"I'll be leaving for a few weeks," I said. "I'm going to Italy. Visiting grandma's old stomping grounds."
“Except Alaska.”
Happy Saturday
“When I consoled him that maybe it was due to bad luck, Kim Hyun Joong calmly smiled and said: ‘Only a loser will put the blame on bad luck’.”
This is a day to honor mothers. I salute the mothers everywhere and in every manifestation: the mom, the grandmother, the godmother, the mom-to-be, the auntie, the like-a-mom-to-me, the mom to the furry-kind-of-kid, the kind old soul with a motherly glance, the big sister who acts like a mom, and everything in between.
People please note that the new iPad had experienced battery, overheating and wifi issues.
(2) It’s all about improving choices
Once we met up with my parents and brother in Heerenveen, we were on a Mission…. To the Lighthouse! Whoops, I mean … to the Windmill!
Bâri′, Barry, Barack: he was, he is, he will be.
Over the next few years, his intelligence activities were combined and mingled with his private operations. He hired a number of associates, many of them with military or intelligence backgrounds, and, according to Federal officials, was routinely receiving huge kickbacks from American manufacturers and foreign governments on his procurement contracts.
On behalf of Jon Rowe BKin, CEP
Not even a letter came saying “Good job, support our college in the future. Here’s some information about alumni associations.” It’s like they said. “Here you go.” and then they just booted me out. Not even a simple handshake and goodbye.
The Worts scurry around fussing over their slaves,
Yesterday at her book signing, she told all 600+ of us that she is not very good at public speaking, but we didn't believe her. She had us all laughing while she showed us a PowerPoint presentation about her, her family, her handsome Marlboro Man, their ranch, and her beloved dog, Charlie.
Ali Dougal looks at all genres, whether it be science fiction or romance. She looks at all books aimed at kids aged 5+ all the way to YA/Crossover books. She pointed out that VOICE is important. MASS MARKET APPEAL would be great. She is also looking for books that are GENUINELY FUNNY. Basically, she has to love the book so much, that she can champion it in-house. If a book is promising, but not to her taste, she will pass it on to a colleague who may fall in love with it. There has to be a strong sense that the author can continue to grow. Naturally, it would be great if the book has CLEAR COMMERCIAL APPEAL. The BONUS would be if the book has international appeal and can be sold into 5-6 countries. This would mean that the author can earn out their advance, and Egmont could regain its investment. The icing on the cake would be if a film option or the screen rights could be sold.
It's easy for me to say that I like Pinterest... nay, love Pinterest. It's like Twitter, but with only pretty things and no spam trying to convince me that I've won a new TV. (Really, who do they think they're fooling?) Some say that they "waste" hours at a time on Pinterest, but I would rather use the word "invest." I've pinned so many DIY projects, recipes, wedding ideas (for my real, upcoming wedding, no less), and just plain lovely things that I refer back to time and time again. I love the fact that we live in the age of the internet, and I can find wonderful things to do, make, and see from all over the globe at the click of a mouse!
I only really approach other people once I've started writing. When I'm coming up with storylines I don't talk to anyone else. I want them to be purely from my own mind. Other people are good for editing purposes, but I don't let them near the stories themselves.
Tulsa television station KOTV reports the incident happened shortly after midnight Friday in Okmulgee County. Authorities say the man tried to run away when the trooper asked him about a chemical smell.
Winslet has also collaborated with fellow actresses Emma Thompson and Rachel Weisz and set up the British Anti-Cosmetic Surgery League to support (and defend!) natural beauty in Hollywood.
but the lighter color paper is from Prima marketing.
9.Push It Fast!
E.g. if changing your electricity provider saves 9 EUR per month this might not seem to much and not worth the effort if it takes let’s say 3 hours work to switch.
The next 3 months, through Christmas and into early Spring were full of rehearsals, learning lines and costume fittings. At least twice a week I entered this new world, where I felt good. It was a scary world but the challenge spurred me on. It filtered through to my normal life. People began to notice how much better I seemed. Only one person, my wife, knew how hard I was working and how important this challenge was for me. Despite the impact on our own precious time together, she, I think, sensed that this was helping to mend me. She quietly encouraged me, soothed my anxiety. Without her, I don’t know where I would have gone. Certainly none of my fellow actors were aware of my difficulties. But that was the beauty of it. At work, since my illness, people had tried to protect me, wrap me up like a baby. It could be suffocating.
Diet Pepsi - I live off of caffiene, I keep a stash in the cupboard by my desk.
To A-Z
This week we have a fantastic sponsor for you
Do you have protection? Where is the train station?
Stuff that ignores our rights and our Constitution.
In all honesty, it's a rather pleasant sting, but it does tend to build, and of course the swing and the strength of the swing makes a difference. Good for play but also has the potential to be used as an instrument of torture.
So upon a paper, I would write countless words, letting them flow with the iron ink blotting and clotting into the sheet.
When we last check, Ares Lin has made his profile on the Lion City Forum ‘private’ and neither did he post any apology on the forum.
I don't know how many people will respond to this, but let me know if there are any units or activities that you are wanting to have created--I have been so exhausted lately, but I want to get back into making TPT/TN creations soon!! All ideas welcomed, and might throw it as a freebie your way ;) Have a great Thursday tomorrow!
Face it — isn’t it better to hear the truth than to always wonder why?
HELLO. Jesus. My heart honestly did not belong to Him.
I’ll hate to see the Austin Athletic Club go, but frankly, from what I’ve read, the building is too decayed to preserve. Our current leaders are not to blame, but rather the people who were in charge twenty-five years ago. They dropped the ball and let this venerable old building rot away. Every day for a quarter century thousands of people have driven past the AAC on Lamar and no doubt thought, “Gee, they really ought to restore that old building.” But no one did anything. It’s our duty now to take a long, hard look at Austin’s other historic properties and to see what we can do about saving them while they still can be saved, while Austin still retains at least a shred of its unique identity, before it all turns into a generic yuppie wasteland. That would be the last service the Austin Athletic Club could provide to this city.
The first programme was a Strategic Radio Management Training Course which ran from the 5th to the 9th October 2009 and included more than 10 radio stations from around the country. The aim of the course was to develop strategic radio and programming management for both community and commercial radio stations.
Plus,fracking means thousands of other jobs,too —jobs New York needs to get out of its economic doldrums.
All part of a delusion.
I am pleased to announce that Cyclamen with Yellow Wrap is showing for the first time in a juried show. This painting presents a new technique for me. I used soft bodied acrylic paint in a way that makes it appear like water color on canvas. Come take a look and if you should find a work you wish to buy your purchase will support both the artist and the local park system.
02 The Musical Box (In Concert, 02 March 1972)
They are really excited because their group has double the boys than girls.
My wife is a very reasonable woman. She told me to go out and find a hot 25-year-old gal, and she would make sure that I would once again be living in a cheap apartment, driving a cheap car, sleeping on a sofa bed and watching a 10-inch black and white TV.
Days later, my cousin and I are still cleaning the house and putting back things (we need to clear out three rooms of the house for mochi day). Of course, the benefit is that I'm eating fresh toasted mochi every day!
Article 13 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 1768/92 of 18 June 1992 concerning the creation of a supplementary protection certificate for medicinal products, as amended by Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2006, read in conjunction with Article 36 of Regulation No 1901/2006, must be interpreted as meaning that medicinal products can be the object of the grant of a supplementary protection certificate where the period that has elapsed between the date of lodging the basic patent application and the first marketing authorisation in the European Union is less than five years. In such a case, the period of the paediatric extension provided for by the latter regulation starts to run from the date determined by deducting from the patent expiry date the difference between five years and the duration of the period which elapsed between the lodging of the patent application and the grant of the first marketing authorisation.
Tommie Sanders, the artist and creator behind has this to say about her creations: "I would describe my jewelry as fun, colorful, affordable, and most importantly Art. The pieces I make are made to be a fashion accessory, but fashion is Art. Everything I make is a part of me, and what is most important to me is that the jewelry I make is unique, and one of a kind. I would like my customers to know that by purchasing a piece of jewelry from me, they are purchasing a one of a kind piece that no one else will ever be able to buy. They will always be the only one with that exact pair of earrings, or necklace, bracelet ...etc. Beads may be similar, but they are never exactly alike, especially those that are handmade or pulled from the earth. I love using my handmade polymer clay beads, and stone beads for that very reason."
A Word from God.
Clean off a shelf in the refrigerator and load it up with ready made items.
As most of my friends know about me, they now three things:
have I cried
Bake for 20-25 minutes until chicken has cooked through and sauce is bubbly.
29. Hang Ups (NEW Reflection Eternal not on album)
So how did they do this? The Times explains:
11 May 2010: Release of Government’s formal response to recommendations of Preventative Health Taskforce which specified that the intent of the legislation was to:
Is the world, ready, I wonder, for the return of Cupid Stunt, Sid Snot, Gizzard Puke, Marcel Wave, Captain Kremmen and the rest of "Cuddly Ken"'s characters to our screens? Not to mention thje chesty Cleo Rocas and the scandalous gyrations of Hot Gossip?
But that added car payment is going to be an adjustment for us. We have to save as much as possible especially in the next two months because the payments are bigger for the first two months. I know we can afford it, it’s just a matter of us actually saving what we can. We have the money, we just usually spend it on things like dinner out, or breakfast, lunch and dinner out. We are that bad sometimes.
loving chances
“Pinoy receiving all the benefits that our gov is providing them. Of coz they are praising our ” beloved” gov. Its like our gov are allowing FTs to enter your house and use your toilet and maybe have a fling with ur wife /gf and then telling u to move on and it’s unavoidable.
At the end of her set, Tim joined her onstage for one of their duets, and as she was leaving he told us we'd all just heard the best singer in the world, his wife. And it's probably a rehearsed line that he'll say at every concert, and a lot of people won't agree, but it was still really sweet.
Sew together, using a 1/2" seam allowance
Cruising throne; he looks quite keen-
Hello little one. Well, today is another day and I am happy to report that I did make it out to see you the other day. That made my heart and head happy.
In other news, I start my lessons with Sue Fraser tomorrow, on Rogo. When the vet came to take out the stitches he decided he needed five more days off, so he's been there getting settled (the wound was still a bit open). Rogo's been off for over three weeks except for three or so short bareback rides, and I've been doing very little riding. Soooo, I'm a little nervous to jump right in, but how else will we get going again? We really need lessons from a skilled teacher right now and Sue fits the bill. It's over three hours to make the round trip, so I may stay in the living quarters in the trailer tomorrow night. I have lessons Mon., Tues., and Thur. this week. Let's hope that trailer furnace is working well!
I just wanted to say, it’s amazing how in less than 5 seconds, my brain can go from accepting the trans to feeling terrified and overwhelmed and back to accepting/excited. Like in an INSTANT I can have a multitude of thoughts bombard me and it’s like whoah damn how did that happen. I can have days where I am like YAY Trans YAY for my spouse who will feel fulfilled YAY for all the fun things! And then days that it’s like why why why. I am not always in the why why why parts. And as I have mentioned before, I generally feel pretty awesome about my life.
Begin again, P.
As I’ve said before, the addition of the Wilk, with the LSR rollernut and Schaller locking tuners, have vastly improved this guitar! It stays in tune. Not just while a play, but when I set the guitar down for a few days or when my kid plays with/hangs on the whammy bar…it is still in tune. Right now I have the bridge floating so I can go up and down. It is so smooth and goes right back to neutral after any push or pull. I am very happy with these upgrades!
That night, while Curtis and Trim are forced to take Trim’s grandmother’s car to make a big money run for Andre, Reese broadsides the hell out of them with their own Escalade. If you’ve read my reviews before, you’ve seen me sing the praises of Michael Emerson for his ability to use facial expressions to enhance the scene. This time, it’s Jim Caviezel, who walks up to the crash victims, gives them a creepy little face, and says, “Found your car.” Nice.
Having looked at the technical end, it's time to move on to the technique part of this missive. Here, I feel the need to repeat something. Carteach is not a tactical trainer, nor is he some form of expert on this topic. He's just some guy trying to decipher the mysteries on his own, and taking his friends along on a virtual buggy ride while he does it. If someone tries to play Rambo by practicing my meandering thoughts and gets his butt lit up, that's all home grown stupid.... don't try shipping it over this way. We have enough of our own.
I explained that the cookies and milk are away of saying thanks and that Santa knew he was thankful.
Dr. Hart says she made a point to try to make an impact with every person sitting in front of her, whoever the patient may be.
Here are some other tips for buying running shoes:
The game went through dozens of different formats and refinements until the final balance of luck and tactics was arrived at. MOC Games was then formed to take the game into full production. Experienced game manufacturers were found in the USA and China to deliver the metal, plastic and laminate parts needed to ensure a quality product.
Every single time you look at me that way.
Nice day today, upper 70's to lower 80's with a good breeze straight down the range.
cdalydar
The third possible route to victory lies in an early attack on Russia. This is generally least preferred of the three attacks as it leaves Germany’s two most likely enemies with a free hand in the west. Perhaps the best example of this attack is in 1973BI where Randy Bytwerk is in the process of destroying Russia single-handedly.
IBU 41
Until now, that is. So there you go.
Last night I started working on my card for this week's ColourQ challenge. I saw this card by Debby Hughes and knew I had to CASE it! I absolutely love this week's colors, but I struggled to make it appear the way I had envisioned. The reason why is because the red and pink don't allow for much contrast. That small pink houndstooth banner used to be a strip of cardstock that ran down the right side of the card. But then all of the other elements seemed to get lost in front of it. Oh well. I still loved her design, so here is my card.
The San Francisco Bay Area is not only extremely attractive for its amazing seaside location but also there are some great landmarks and wonderful establishments working here right from turn of century. Finding the handyman services in bay area is quite easy as this area is sixth largest county with more than 7.5 million people.
Avery Brewing Company Avery Anniversary Ale - Seventeen (Dry Hopped Black Lager)
The other problem for UKIP is that they claim to be a libertarian party but aren't. If most of their members looked at what libertarianism actually is they would be horrified. Of course to many people today libertarianism is a nice flag of convenience, that is the case with UKIP. Apart from the EU the membership would split down the middle on any other serious issue. That's why it is, and will remain, a single issue party.
You might say I went right up to the factory
will have 2 different paper collections/versions to choose from. I will have photo's of one of the Asian versions here on my blog sometime on Tuesday.
The fourth phase (if applicable) is known as “Reverse culture shock"
Fords, NJ 08863
Tomorrow, I’m posting how we did the floor. Dustin and I are sitting down in the morning to go over our materials list, the cost, and the steps to make sure that I include everything to show you how these two pictures really have have the same materials in them! :)
While the photo isn't great, the view from my bed reminds me that I have created some pieces that I love. Sometimes I place unfinished pieces on the ledges until they inform me the direction they want to take.
knowing his wife was
Anyone
Was taken with the mass planting of libertias under the robinias outside the Festival Hall. Libertias receive a bad press generally as the foliage tends to brown/blacken in winter time. They’re great for difficult corners on planting beds – I find anyway!
Pat had protested, in vain, that his instruments had been in no way responsible for the combustion. His inventions had been condemned as impractical by the institute's committee, while he himself had been pronounced a failure.
Marguerite Marsh
According to the resident Daniel De Costa, he slippd and fell at Geylang East Food Centre located in the ward of MacPherson on Monday.
an equation
Gunnlaug answers, “What I thought well befitting, that thou shouldst bid no prayers against me, but pray well for thyself rather.”
The highly competitive nature of these events begins with the arrival of the invitation. Some of us, specifically the would be losers in this game of parties, content ourselves with a group text. Others choose to replicate the business card scene from American Psycho. While both obnoxious and sickening this is at least fitting, given the carnage that tends to ensue when a large group of seven year old girls are force-fed ketchup and released into the wild.
Some people have criticised your books for being racist or sexist, what would you say to them?
Director : Sanjay Punjabi
My school counseling internship has taken over my life. I guess that's to be expected since it's like a having a full-time job minus the pay. If I'm not at school, then I'm reading articles about school counseling, editing and re-formatting my resume, writing cover letters, putting together my portfolio, and getting super nervous about the whole searching for a job thing. Who knew I'd be so terrified at simply the idea of an interview?
I vowed to never again allow such garbage to foul my perfectly pristine peristaltic processes.
Housework -- 10 - 20 minutes (laundry, put away dishes, change bedding, wipe down bathroom)
So here is the thing: on the high-speed anti-grav tube from Eiger City to Natural City on Procyon IV, I was confronted by a very curious person: me.
18th January 1880.
Lisa and Kelley are the best director, producer team you could ever hope to work with. As a director, Lisa is a fount of patience and careful, calm direction. Kelley is a phenomenal actor and producer. You won’t find better people to work with.
Those with a grasp of the underlying chemistry (which we will not be discussing in detail in this document) and the barest familiarity with Google will quickly discover that all sorts of chemical precursors for home-made explosives are available online to whoever wishes to order them, certainly in retail quantities and sometimes in bulk. However, attempts on the part of parties not well-established in the chemical or agricultural industries to order large, or in extreme cases any, quantities of such chemicals will have a high probability of resulting in the suppliers contacting the authorities. This principle can be generally illustrated in the context of ammonium nitrate, which is by far and away the most important chemical substance in this context.
This time it is my turn( Ria) to set a challenge and I choose to do a recipe to challenge. So I would like to see you use just 1 Stamped Image, 2 Embellishments, 3 Design papers and as extra some faux or real stitching on your Artwork.
The storm ripped him from his vehicle even as his father in the passenger seat struggled to hold him. A cell phone and graduation cap were the only thing found until Will’s body was discovered a few days later. He was reportedly reciting Scripture in those final moments. But the story goes deeper.
On our necks, we sense
I wonder if it’s ever occurred to this über-bureaucrat that it’s not her job to tell private companies who to hire, fire, or promote?
Then we went to the revision session, which was useful but seemed to go very quickly. Lizzie was there (I just seem to be running into her everywhere this week – maybe a sign pointing me towards Melissa? Or an obstacle in front of Heather? I just don’t know), as well as Jenny R. Gaby also came, but I didn’t talk to her. We haven’t really talked at all since the UCAS Convention. I left when it was over, but most of the others stayed for the next one. I walked up to the bus stop with Oscar and his friend (who I met before but couldn’t, and still can’t, remember the name of), before leaving him at the lights and meeting Gemma at the bus stop. She was ill :/ She’d been at Harry’s house, resting for the last hour or so :/ She’s got a flu of some kind, but she looked terrible :( She is coming in for a Geography Mock tomorrow, but I doubt will make it to Geology :/ Hopefully she gets better by next week, and I just hope I don’t get ill between now and the exams :/
Although it seems most everyday hits come from blogs that link up to me, one way or another - so, thank you very much! I hope you're getting some hits from me, too, if I have you linked up. (And sorry if I don't -.I try to keep that space not too cluttered, so an ommission does not mean that I deem your blog unworthy; I just probably discovered it too late, or kinda forgot about it momentarily at the right time.)
Well, the father of the late Satoru Kobayashi publicly announced yesterday (the 16 year anniversary of his son’s death) that he would like the police to end the search for his son’s killer.
Although there is little if anything in life over which we truly have control, we can determine how we plan to start to cope with our loss, and how we’ll deal with our grief. In my work as a counselor, I’ve sometimes tried to compliment others on how well they appear to cope with loss and grief. I’ve often had others give me a bewildered look and thank me, but then tell me they really had no choice but to try their best to deal with their life. I’ve met people who have seen loss quite differently and have instead chosen not to cope – chosen to give up on ever again experiencing happiness or a sense of purpose in their life. Choosing to give up is never an answer, an emotional suicide of sorts, and really only prolongs pain, making it seem impossible to survive.
doing such deeds for those who wait for him.
They're buffing her lucky. (Peals of uninhibited laughter.)
The second event is this Thursday, June 4th from 6-8pm at Bloomingdale's in Chevy Chase, MD. The "Pre-Wedding" Wedidng Party is a registry event which will include informal modeling of some of the latest gowns. Every attendee will receive 10% off a bridal gown purchase at Carine's Bridal Atelier. At the event you'll meet with other local area vendors, enjoy delicious appetizers and enter contests to win some cool prizes.
By Sean Kennedy
Have your child help with folding laundry, sweeping floors etc.
The words we speak shall accomplish what we ask for as written in Isaiah 55:11 “So shall my word be that goes forth out of my mouth: it shall not return void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing where to I sent it.”
The votes are in, they have been tallied, and it's time to announce the winning theme for the 2012 YA Bloggers Book Battle. Thank you to everyone who voted! And now, drumroll please: the theme is....
Now, April, is a season of new life. Babies.
It is amazing how we could come to love you so immediately and so completely even though we were just getting to know each other.
Me: And you’re okay with that?
there may be someone to catch me..
Not yet;
Competition has trumped value-creation. In this and other ways, the competitive arena undermines innovation.
Stir-fried onions and peppers were available as garnishes for the sausages.
The trailer sheds no light on why Bane wages war against Gotham, but reportedly Bane is working in league with Ra’s al Ghul, played with such Zen-like menace by Liam Neeson in Batman Begins. The good news is that Tom Hardy’s garbled voice that freaked everyone out after the second trailer has been cleared up and sounds pretty cool.
And, my goodness what a clichéd rollercoaster 2011 has been.
The participants were 13 national performance directors (NPDs), with an average of 20 years in elite sports, and had approximately 264 million dollars invested in their programs. After data analysis, 4 majors themes emerged from the interviews: 1) Vision, 2) Operations, 3) People, and 4) Culture. The following will focus on the 1st and 4th themes: Vision and Culture.
As I mentioned in my last post, I am truly useless when it comes to resisting pretty papers....! My latest order arrived this morning and I just couldn't wait to get stuck in. I had 2 new pads and now 2 new cards have been created ;o)
Quando fiam ceu chelidon – O swallow swallow
Our healthy, 100% natural sunscreen provides shelter from UVA rays with zinc oxide and titanium dioxide. SPF 30+ effectively blocks 97% of UVB rays, which cause sunburn. This ultimate skin care for the whole family is moisturizing and water resistant.
Israel and Lebanon are technically at war but military officers from the two sides meet regularly under the auspices of UNIFIL to co-ordinate security along their joint border.
An anonymous reader is donating this beautiful, pair of diamond cluster earrings....
Elizabeth Abbott
Kimberley & Emily
We are so fearful of being seen as politically incorrect, that the basis premise of advanced life on this planet is forgotten.
Anyway… as Christmas got closer and closer, I was being asked by our therapist if I was going to get a tree. Of course, I would start crying and we would discuss it some more.
Dave Kenny
Mr Campbell also said the Queen had ‘no right to lord it’ over ordinary working-class people like him.
I can never unmake.
But that’s just me though.
1/3 cup low fat small curd cottage cheese
So I decided to share my interpretation instead for this week’s photo challenge albeit the fact that I live in the tropics.
Now I’m onto CBS Sunday Morning. As mentioned above, I haven’t had time to sit back and watch the full show. I just get the first 20 minutes. I love the first five minutes, where they do a video clip overview of the news and then they get right into it. But they care far too much about politics. I know it’s an election year but do we really need to do a 10-minute talk about either Romney or Santorum every morning. I’m over that.
DE RUEHSA #1712/01 1311332
After we could fit no more down our little gullets, we wandered the streets of Koln, peeking in store windows and taking pictures in front of stereotypical looking pubs. When it was time for dinner, we found one such pub and squeezed into one of the tiny booths. Americans were a novelty, apparently, and many in the pub blatantly stared at us while we tried to figure out how to order in German. I remember I ate something red...red meat and red cabbage.
Before I close this post, this is what I wrote in my journal at this point in the trip. I am saddened that eventually we will be leaving these shores. This entry marks the halfway point of our trip and I find myself not wanting to leave. The people are so warm and friendly and if there were a way for us to stay today and not return to the states I would jump at it immediately. Sherri, who was skeptical before our arrival, has allowed that maybe living in Ireland wouldn’t be so bad. She is definitely feeling at home and hopefully this is just the first of many trips to our ancestral homeland before we retire here.
The still untold story, however, is that there is an unimaginably huge amount of oil in the U.S. territorial waters of the Gulf and this is true also for the vast continental shelf of Alaska and the lower 48. That’s the good news.
(iv) Major – General Laitor with his troop of 2,000 soldiers marched from Purnea to attack Biratnagar. He was also given the responsibility to incite Sikkim to invade Nepal from the eastern side. (v) Major-General Morley with his troop of 8,000 soldiers equipped with 26 pieces of ordnance, marched from Bettiah to attack Makawanpur.
sheesh.
Dare I say it, the reveal trailer for this year’s instalment of the never ending Call of Duty franchise has got me a bit excited. Finally, a CoD developer is innovating. For ages now, gamers have been speculating about where the franchise can go, now that they’ve covered the past and the present, and the only obvious answer was the future. So it’s not very surprising that Treyarch have opted to move forward in time with their next FPS outing. What is surprising is the version of the future they have opted to explore. I imagine most people would have expected an over the top, ridiculous future with giant mechs and lasers flying all over the place. Refreshingly, Treyarch have created a future that feels startlingly real.
A call to a Walgreen's in Houston confirmed that I hadn't left my wallet on their counter which meant it was probably sitting in my apartment. "No worries! Everything will work out fine!" he fervently said out loud to no one.
1. The case contains an interesting analysis of how the laws of trade mark infringement and passing off are applied in Kenya as well as their Court procedure. Unsurprisingly, some reference is made to English law;
We have to change the political climate. The politicians who stand for our people and values do so in a hostile political atmosphere. Our people have been brainwashed for years into passively accepting their dispossession by anti-British elites.
By Stan Butler
FILL madeleine molds 3/4 full with batter. Do no smooth out
Saturday, October 16th @ 1:30 p.m.
I said, "Do you speak-a my language?"
On September 21st, World Alzheimer’s Day, educational programs are being held in dozens of countries to raise awareness about the growing challenge of this disease for individuals, families, and society. This year, the Alzheimer’s Association-Greater Illinois Chapter, is pleased to bring together professional and family caregivers for a morning of learning about recent advances in science and care.
by Doug Lawrence
Over the years, and especially since I've become a mom myself, I've had moments where I thought, JEEZ I wish I could tell her or ask her about blah blah blah. It's usually nothing big or existential, but it's the stuff that you really can only talk about with your mom. You know what I mean. So today I'm going to break it down. If I had One More Day, these are the topics that I'd be sure to bring up.
my encores blowing faded floral curtains wide
Abuhamda said the children are enrolled in an American school. They live in an apartment building in an upscale neighborhood in Gaza City, though power outages are not uncommon.
Group breaks are a lot of fun. I always go for the Rangers if they're available and many group breaks will give you a random team as well. I drew the Brewers as my random team in one of Nachos Grande's recent breaks. That's not a bad thing as I can easily trade away the Brewers I pulled.
The santon display was enchanting - it's a big Provençal Christmas tradition to create a little crèche/nativity scene in your home with these guys. They sell the individual mangers, figures and every kind of animal you can think of. Not to mention bridges, water wheels, little ladies selling calissons, even rows of lavender with harvesting workers (not sure how many of those were around when Jesus was born).
Do you get attached to your characters or do you forget about them once the book is done? Because John and Meg stayed with me for a long time after reading the book.
I have the same trouble with Mr Young’s car, which is one of those silver four-wheel drives that populate carparks everywhere. Many’s the time I’ve waited patiently by the passenger door of our car, only to have him call crossly at me from three rows away.
So now here we go again — having a consultant attending a community meeting asking the same questions, getting the same answers and apparently not briefed of previous planning work conducted.
I set out at dawn on from Kpandai with the call to prayers at my back and the open road ahead of me. I was racing to catch a ferry a few hours away which I’d been told only ran three times a day. Got there and found out there were small boats that can take motorcycles across any time of the day – should have realized Ghanaians wouldn’t leave an entrepreneurial opportunity like that wide open.
I replied without missing a beat, “We are sharing the wet cowboy!” Get your mind out of the gutter with hers, it was a steak.
Stay tuned for more special blog features as we raid the closets of Toronto’s most fashionable personalities!
I’ve tried to make a potion. Supposedly, the Cure for Boils is the easiest, but I haven’t even been able to finish it. First, I was doing things in the wrong order and adding things willy-nilly into my cauldron. Next, I couldn’t find my wand – you’re supposed to “wave your wand”. My brother eventually figured it was hiding behind the ingredients, almost as if they didn’t want you to find it. When it said to let your potion brew for 3 minutes and then come back, I clicked to another page on Pottermore. When I came back, I discovered that your progress on a potion is not saved; I was supposed to leave that browser window open and go to another if I continued to explore the site. I think there really needs to be some way to save your potion progress. It wouldn’t save them forever, perhaps for 6 hours, but it would be a lot better than spending 80 minutes (apparently) making one potion. You only get three House points for that potion, too. (You see, if you’re just practicing the potion, it takes three minutes, but if
gifts for Christmas. I couldn't tell
Several uncertainties remain, however. Captain Sanogo did not specify the timetable of this transition; while ECOWAS wants it to occur within a matter of days, the CNRDRE clearly wants to take its time in handing power back to civilians. Moreover, Sanogo’s declaration described the transition as occurring through a process of consulting with a broad spectrum of Mali’s political class (the famously undefined “forces vives” of the country), which would be at odds with the constitution he has supposedly put back in place. Most crucially, Sanogo has not addressed the question of who will preside over any transition. It seems likely that he is just playing for time, hoping to forestall potentially crushing international sanctions while continuing to run the show in Bamako for as long as possible.
Oh and I heart heart tights like I heart all of you...and that is a lot of heart.
6 papers
The victim’s brother, Marcus Alan Beckham of Milford, 25, Raymond Scott Harrington, 32, of Trinidad, Colo., and Raymond George Harrington, 23, of Granbury were arraigned Friday and held on bonds of $1 million each in the Hill County Jail.
Recorded in New York, on June 11 & 12, 1957
After my granddad’s death, ownership and responsibility of the farm automatically went to his eldest son (my uncle), who became a great and wonderful mentor in my life. I can recall many adventures from my early days on that serene bushveld-farm, where I learned the fine art of shooting, hunting, fishing, and gazing at the awesome beauty of the night sky, miles away from city lights.
Cover and place in oven for 1 hour or until the potatoes are tender
In recent weeks, I have received a different type of correspondence from families who are strangers to me. Hearts broken, grief still clawing away at their door, they have found it within themselves to write.
So with that being said I will introduce the topic for May in a few days, but until then, I will leave you with a couple of gems from a few special ladies:
A homophone is a word that sounds like ("phone") another word but means something different: To, two, too.
I'm not sure if you've noticed but I'm not on as many design teams right now, we weren't sure how much time and traveling we will have to do for my husbands prostate cancer treatments so I didn't renew my design team commitments. I didn't want to disappoint anyone by not meeting design team deadlines. We've had an out of town appointment almost every week for several weeks now and they will continue until at least the end of April when he has the Brachetherapy. There will be follow up appointments in the future too. I do have good news about his prostate cancer though, we've been told it's in the beginning stages and curable.
In other site news…WE GOT A GOLD STAR! If you happen to notice this giant gold star on our site, The Fangreaders gave it to us, in honor of the fact we help promote their Fanfic Events on our site! Isn’t it lovely with the Sheriff of Area 5 on it? And they personalized it too! We feel very honored by this, as you can imagine! For those of you who love Eric and Sookie fanfics…don’t worry, you’ve come to the right place to keep up on all the latest fanfic news!
Monday has given me a terrible headache. No joke. As I type, every click of the keyboard makes my temples throb. I can't take the "Excedrin Migraine" med that ALWAYS stops my headache because my pain didn't start until 8 p.m. If I take my favorite over-the-counter, I will be up all night long. So I have to settle for Grocery Store acetaminophen. Yep. Which means I'll have a headache all night long. Sigh.
In part two, I will focus on the second type, and on a planned show trial in America. It is a case which never actually got to court, but which stands as a frightening example of the threat faced by young white males, in societies which are intent on holding them responsible for other people's crimes, and which view them as the single remaining legitimate target for racial hatred. It is a case which became widely known as the Duke Lacrosse Rape Hoax, and became one of the most high profile and talked about crimes which never happened in American history.
But Stoke are now coming to the end of their fourth season in the league, and they are still rock bottom when it comes to passes completed. At 6475 they’re a more than 1,500 behind the next club, Blackburn. At this stage Tony Pulis probably doesn’t feel like changing a system that clearly works – rather he’ll be on the hunt this summer for players who can do more of the same, but are even taller, even stronger and even harder-working.
the mom and dad somewhat,
Surrogacy may be useful where a woman is unable to bear a child, due to severe pelvic disease or she has had a hysterectomy or because she has medical problems (e.g. heart or kidney disease) and pregnancy may seriously threaten her life or health.
Today, I got to see The Hunger Games. I went with some of my family and we had a little mix-up of theaters. We ended up getting there after the previews started and the only spots left were in the front row. It was definitely an interesting perspective! I was a little nervous about seeing the movie after reading the book (I always like the book better...ahem Twilight...) but the movie was really well done. I was impressed!
As for the humour, well… I’m reluctant to make any pronouncements, since there is always an awkward cultural barrier separating French and English wit, no matter what your level of fluency. But some of Aurélie’s exaggerations and neuroses did make me break into a cynical Anglo smirk. Here’s an example:
Available Mid-June 2012
So he announced, “Okay, sir. Welcome to the Kingdom of Heaven,” and let him in.
Release date: 2001
Definitions are always imperfect — somebody will probably argue that I’ve left something out of the above — but I think this one can be accepted (as a stipulation if need be) since it is the kind of cryonic suspension mentioned therein that is of concern in this series. The series explores the ethical arguments arising from the question: should we have ourselves cryogenically suspended?
How about the blog present a view and a port into the subject? Now that’s what we’re here talking about.
Kanu sold another of
You can go swimming with the sharks and rays, you can climb the volcano, or just chill on the beach.
Remember, people make big bucks online because they invest a little time
Grapefruit – 4.5 inches
The paper is from an older retired pack the "jersey shore" collection. It has all 3 colors in it.
Twit twit twit
This article, compared to the last, is a little less flowery and a lot more detail.
Once again, I think it’s all about perspective.
Eskenazi B, Gaylord L, Bracken MB, Brown D. In utero exposure to organic solvents and human neurodevelopment. Dev Med Child Neurol 1988; 30: 492-501.
For those who are into reading detective/mystery type books, I would definitely recommend reading, The Corruptible by Mark Mynheir. The journey throughout the book leaves the reader feeling the need to find out what happens. This is definitely a page turner and I have added it to my favorites list. I have given this book a 5 (five) star rating.
Bachmann: he’s a wackdoodle
Yes, the series does move through the centuries. In fact it comes right up to date in the next book, Bloodstone, and that gave me a few obstacles when it came to mood and atmosphere. Firebrand, when I wrote it as a sort of prequel to the others, changed everything, and I realised I would have to change the next three books a huge amount. I don’t mind, though. I like these characters and I like spending time with them, so it was far from a chore – more like a good excuse.
The whole idea is to raise a may pole on May 1st to welcome spring. A may pole is a large tree trunk of a pine or birch but without the branches. On top of the may pole is a small pine tree decorated with ribbons, figurines, or other decorative things that are specific to the town.
Not that I'm superstitious or anything.
How much does it cost? Nothing!
As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly,
Kittens crave them. Puppies love them.
Spring in Toronto is at its mercurial best these days. Last night we were treated to a long lightning show.
The drive across the Vercors plateau, alongside the communes of Lans-en-Vercors and Villard-de-Lans, takes no more than 20 minutes. These delightful communes are often designated as "blue/green" by tourist people, because they attract all kinds of snow enthusiasts in the winter season, before becoming a paradise for hikers during the warm months, when the skies of the Vercors are often studded with colorful parachutes.
Bloody little brutes!
I don't have a lot planned for this weekend except for Books 'n Bars tomorrow (time to discuss Lolita! Can't wait to hear everyone's thoughts...) and then Saturday and Sunday - ?? No plans! Besides taking a client to Zumba. Yes, you read that right. She wants to try Zumba! I jumped right on that. ;)
McGee is scheduled to appear in Georgetown Town Court May 9.
Riding to the city and on Lake Shore Drive today to escape the craziness of the Frankfort Fall Festival that I will partake in this weekend. I will also be comitting the heinous crime of riding in a non-matching kit today. I will probably even be guilty of turning my arm warmers inside out just so they match the white on my jersey. Yeah, I know, lame. But, it's all in the name of the Euro Cycling rules. Actually I break about 99.9% of their rules, first off by riding Shimano components. My socks are too short. I don't wear full kits. I don't have logos on my frame. The list goes on and on and on. (Thanks, Sig.) Oh well.
Parson Sound, Box set. Subliminal SoundsThe CD reissue came out last year, but this beautiful box set collecting all of the wild freak-folk on deluxe vinyl was well worth the price and wait.
It is quite the way to ring in the spring. (Rhyming! Huzzah!)
Brittni: “As you can tell, I love pink lipstick! I’m a recent lipstick user but I have come to discover that pink looks best on me. Once again, this isn’t a lip product that I actually own (yet) but I do love throwing it on when I’m at work. (The perks of the cosmetics world!) Clarin’s is a great skin care line so I wasn’t sure how much I’d like the makeup, but once I tried this color I fell in love!”
I glued the bowl to the upside down pot with E6000 glue and then glued the wood ball to the lid with E6000 glue as well.
with the feverish anxiety of the day I gave you all my being
Alan gave the option of ‘Flights of Fancy’ but as this was the title of an earlier post about Prince Charles at Cranwell, I decided to go with the RFC theme, especially as it had been my suggestion and I felt somewhat responsible. Don’t forget to let Alan and Kat know if you have a favourite theme, date or idea. Even better join us in the Sepia Saturday Facebook group which is proving to be lots of fun.
Highlight these names, mention them in your blog posts. These people have the power to change things and they should know it. Their Google Alerts on their names will be crammed with our anger.
“About tomorrow,” I said. “About how excited I am to try my new recipes.”
Lay out on a parchement lined tray and leave to get cold
I think the provision is very clear and when reading it I feel my privacy protected and not my freedom of speech threatened.
JustAName
Discovering only a small blood stain on the train and the platform, police called in helicopters to find the woman who they presumed had been sent flying by the collision, public prosecutor Laurent Guy said Wednesday.
This whole experience has made me want to change so many things. I want to stop living for tomorrow. For the next project. For the next job or big raise. I want to live life now. If I feel like I want to do something, I need to just do it! I need to make smarter choices with my health. I need to get more rest. I need to worry more about God's agenda than my own. I need to draw close to him, because ultimately some day I will have to leave this world and with God is where I want to be! I want to enjoy my husband and where we are at right now. Not looking forward to the next big stage. Things will happen when the time is right. I want to leave dirty dishes in the sink so that I can enjoy an hour of TV or game time. If money is tight, that is life. I don't want to stress or argue over it.
By David Cohen It’s been a good couple of weeks for China’s conservative press and a bad one for the image of liberal governments, as democracies battle crises ranging from the US budget standoff to Britain’s ongoing riots. …
"GREAT NEWS: PET scan shows no sign of spread of cancer to other parts of body! PRAISE GOD!!! Much love, Donna."
I've been pretty busy with work, my little family and celebrating upcoming events with friends.
Accessories: polka dot ribbon, corduroy button, pearls, twine
Then we noticed smoke in the air.
So this has been a busy/tiring week for us. As stated in the previous blog KJ had to go to the ER Monday night. After doing the follow-up with her doctor we determine that more than likely she didn't have a febrile seizure. Thank Goodness! So she still just has the double ear infection. She will need to have tubes placed in her ears so we have scheduled that for the beginning of Feb. Thursday we then had to go to Temple for our quarterly NICU follow-up visit. The OTs said she is doing great! She right on target with everything developmentally. The NNP said that she is doing good as well but would like for her to have an evaluation with the Cerebral Palsy Clinic and get a CP evaluation. Mostly due to her high muscle tone. She also had an appointment with Pulmonalogy who wants to try a few things to see if we can get her to start breathing better especially at night. She was also ordered to have an EKG done. So we go back to Pulmonalogy in Feb. to check her progress.
My key to the city adventure officially ended tonight but my adventure will continue on, thanks to the wonders of the Internet and this blog, for at least one more week as I get up all the posts from this weekend (not even a 100 degree fever could keep me from finishing the project, nosiree!) As far as dates go I have a clunker, a surprise, a blast from the past, I may even learn something by number 25 (specially added by yours truly).
With the help of Connor (who was back with Captain Wrathe) and Bart, Jez joins the Vampirate ship and Darcy falls in love with him. Captain Wrathe heals old wounds with his brother the other Captain Wrathe. His son Moonshine though is an evil, selfish fourteen year old who ends up costing 2 men their lives. Connor had to save him and made his first kill. He is so upset that he sneaks off in the safety boat to wander around the ocean until he ends up back at the Pirate Academy with Cheng Li.
And finally, in our master bedroom we created artwork made from our children's birth dates. Also extremely inexpensive and yet priceless. I simply printed out the dates on the computer.
For those of you who aren’t aware of what a sling library is, it’s a very simple concept. You pay a deposit (and then, often a small hire charge) and you can try out a range of slings before you buy. Slings aren’t cheap – they can’t be, really, because they’ve got to be very well made to support your precious little bundle. So, you can imagine that I felt very despondent at the fact that my local one had vanished into the ether.
I’m conducting an overdue review of wills, powers of attorney, medical directives, etc. Things that everyone should have right now, but always seem to get put off until it’s too late. Since I have a pretty good idea of the manner in which I’ll die, I’m more confident I’m getting the medical directives done just the way I want.
*I turn the broiler on in the last few minutes to get the biscuits golden brown- just make sure you watch them so they don't burn!
Zines and other underground publications are hard to find or unavailable in stores, although you may be able to find zines in some libraries or at independent bookstores (especially in larger cities). The best way to find out about zines is through word of mouth and networking. There are several publications that review zines, giving ordering information for the zine as part of their review. There are also several online communities where zine publishers network and promote their zines. A few of these are listed at the end of this handout.
I have started work on the front flower garden the shape it better with the plants that are already there.
The view was much better – we could see the whole track and the center-ice prep area, and had plenty of space to observe and admire the skating fans’ outfits. I’m not sure how the guy in the windmill shirt sneaked in, actually, without getting laughed out of town – almost everyone else wears bright colors, crazy hats, and ORANGE. Either that, or jail-break costumes….
But there were still many doubters, both within the Star Trek family and outside, who were terrified that revising such a truly iconic series in a similar way could destroy it forever. In the minds of many of the fans, Star Trek was never about snazzy visuals; it was about stories and characters. The sparsely used fx and blurry but colourful planets matched with the balsa-wood sets and polystyrene rocks, all of which had never stood in the way of the series’ success over the decades.
Next Jack Wagner – who thinks very highly of himself and his career. I had to Google him and I’m still a little foggy on his ‘Star’ status. I would say at this point, his partner might be more of a celebrity than he is… that’s what happens when you’re on a hit show 14 seasons running. Anyways, he didnt blow me out fo the water, or make me a fan… but apparently his entire fan club was at the show last night.
My heart broke on October 3, 2011… It broke in a way I thought it would never break, even thought I knew one day it would. My heart broke. On October 3rd, my beloved grandmother who I lovingly called Yaya left this earth. My heart broke.
Anyone else have the issue that the minute you get a great hand, you find yourself playing into someone else’s hand? Well, not that it mattered much here–the hand I played into was weak, so I didn’t lose that many points in comparison to the other rounds. ^^;
MESSAGE
She drew blood and we left with our new pictures. Driving home I realized we didn't get a picture of the baby's profile, I was disapointed, but didn't think anything about it. Now I know, it wasn't an accident.
* Rosie turned 5 months old!
Fortunately, Caighton is feeling much better now and definitely on the mend! I do have just a few pics to share with you today...
“I avoided events/organized activities that were dominated by stay at home moms.”
“At a recent medical conference on trauma surgery held in the US, a high-ranking officer from the United States army called the South African delegate aside and told her: “Judging from the type of injuries you have shown us, I am afraid there is a war in your country. Such injuries do not occur in peacetime.”
As this point, you can make a list of foods with low glycemic index and prepare for a trip to the store. Now, you'll be gung ho at a point when you could otherwise be most vulnerable. Your enthusiasm over prospective change can help thwart the tendency to grab items off your old shopping list. If you are faithful to the list, you will be faithful to eating foods with low glycemic index, since that's all that should be in your house.
From a few of my friends, residents of North Yorkshire...
But there it was, at the end of the tenancy, after the tenant had packed up and left the house for good.
In homage to summer and all things girly, here's a vintage Fragrant Liar salute to Spanx (circa Winter '09), with mucho thanks to Janie!
The rest of this entry is courtesy of my wife, and lifted shamelessly from her Facebook feed:
"That's no good. My daughter is in the Forest of Dean. I am in Swindon. We are on our way to Kent for a New Year's Eve party in a few hours, and my daughter is an hour a way from me in the wrong direction..... I have the tickets. I can't get to her. She can't now collect these tickets. I came in to ask your advice as to who we could deal with this "problem." "
low-bottom drunks all shuffling out
"HAVE A NICE DAY!"
2 1/2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder** (I did not have Chinese five-spice powder so I mixed ground peppercorns, with cardamon, cinnamon and cloves)
A number of studies also indicate that children suffering from even subtle forms of Bipolar Disorder have difficulties integrating the cognitive function of the left with the right hemisphere. This is also thought to be true for children with dyslexia and dysgraphia, conditions that powerfully affect a child’s scholastic function and their self-esteem.
The slut walk is for people (men and women) who want to take a stand for people who have been raped or molested. It began after a Canadian officer stated that women should avoid dressing like sluts so they don't get raped. The entire point of this walk is to spread awareness about these crimes, and make it known, it is never the victims fault. Here are a few facts to wrap your mind around:
to be in Paris,
1 unperturbed
Concepcion, Chile
It's important to note however, that China has three types of patent applications: (1) invention patents, (2) utility model patents, and (3) design patents. Invention patent applications are equivalent to US non-provisional patent applications, while utility model patent applications (aka "petty patent" applications) do not experience substantive examination. According to SIPO's statistics, utility model patents and design patents together outnumber invention patents by a 5-to-1 ratio.
His colourful persona, quirky videos and bashing lyrics – many a times aimed at the bull’s -eye he confidently paints on his own chest – make the perception that he’s a bit goofy and not really all that serious about life and music -a natural human error.
SOUNDTRACK: You get to see The Donnas on screen as well as hear them during the closing credits. We also have Letters To Cleo (I See), Veruca Salt (Volcano Girls), The Cars, Scorpions (Rock You Like A Hurricane), and a few other songs.
when we are more reflective, and seem more aware of
18.Wind in the Willows (unknown)
The military salutation of the PCCTS, Knights Templar is the clenched fist salute.
—v. phoned, phoning. To call or transmit by
Video is a biggie. Look at this graph below, showing the last 20 years of where internet traffic is coming from and more importantly going to.
What I'd give for my mother, or my grandmother even, to come with groceries and a smile.
There’s a lot of new characters in this season, which is hardly surprising. Obviously some fall into stereotypes, but for the most part I think they’re originally enough to get more than a passing score. To add to that, the main character is original and very funny, probably even more so than the first season. His “assistant” isn’t going to gather any points, but I feel she works well as his sidekick. In retrospect I kind of view them as a Manzai team – where she is “the straight man” and he’s “the funny man”. They don’t really fit into those role that well at all, but just very vaguely. I mean, he does and says some crazy things every now and then, which she, “the straight man”, counters with normality.
As a result, you have to struggle with and manage stress constantly. This stress is contributed by various means, be it trying to keep up with the pace of the day to maintaining and balancing work and personal relationships. And it’s more now days than decades ago when physical labor and simple living were prevalent. Those who have seen both times I speak of might agree with me. Today’s generation only knows what they see and experience and hence, for them stress is a part of life.
Fine Crystal on a Budget
With a beginning Specific Gravity of 1046 it starts out a little ‘larger’ than the first (1040) and has certainly displayed a more noticeable aroma off the fermenter. Still haven’t seen a bubble come off the air lock so I guess those who advise against using this as a means of knowing when to bottle are on to something. By day four the S.G. is down to 1014 and day five to 1010 which, if it remains there, will give us an alcohol content of around 5.5%. Nice.
That's a really valuable insight because it highlights where I need to spend my efforts and also suggests that it's not about something being "wrong" with me. The pool of single men I might really fit with is just really small because of who I am and what I'm looking for. I need to work on expanding that, rather than beating myself up.
And I should know.
"The Brewers' Journal 1940" page 571. (Published July 17th, 1940.)
We should not have to and we will not accept this. The banks should be fully nationalised and run democratically in a way where the profits can go into funding the NHS, education and other public services and not the other way around as the government is currently doing. We could scrap the war in Afghanistan, the replacement of the trident nuclear weapons systems and end the financial scam of Private Finance Initiatives (PFI) which allows private companies to make huge amounts of money out of providing public services at a lower standard.
At this point Dr. John Reynolds, the President of Corpus Christi College of Oxford, a leader of the Puritan side in the Church of England, and one of the greatest scholars of his day, proposed a new translation of the Bible into English. King James responded warmly to this suggestion because he despised the then popular Geneva Bible. The king was troubled by the often revolutionary margin notes of the Geneva Bible which spoke extensively against corrupt and immoral kings. King James ordered that a single translation that the whole nation could rely on "to be read in the whole church", should be produced by 50 of the nations finest language scholars and he approved rules for carefully checking the results, including no marginal notes at all to be effected, but only for the explanation of the Hebrew or Greek words, and to draw attention to parallel passages.
In that moment I had a choice: to let CBG handle his own kid his way, or to step in and be mom.
My wife and I only have a small--very small--handful of friends who do not (presently) own a firearm. BUT. . . they have exactly zero problems with us, or any other law-abiding citizen owning and carrying a firearm. Guns just ain't their thing.
The cow shoe is a strip of metal to which is tacked a wooden block carved to resemble the hoof of a cow, which may be strapped to the human foot. A man shod with a pair of them would leave a trail resembling that of a cow.
Stoke improved after the break and dominated as they searched for an equaliser. A football match even threatened to break out occasionally, as we looked at times to keep possession in the middle of the park and even build from the back. Those moments were few and far between however, and soon we were back to the kind of bad decision-making with our passing that blighted the win over Wolves (Shotton, Delap and Whitehead were the worst offenders) and were back to hoofing it in the direction of players who were clearly double or even triple marked and hoping to win a throw or free kick.
a. Of what persuasion our lips are
After I started working on a few printable designs for the shoot, I was having so much fun with the theme and decided to create an entire printable collection. I am SO excited to finally share all of the beautiful photos captured by Dorean. Everything turned out perfectly. Although we were working on a hot Texas summer afternoon, we had an fantastic time!
We are always updating each other, whether man or machine… Ping!
Two subtle but significant tweaks have been made to design since my unfortunate encounter in Bath. First, the mainframe hinge was redesigned in the 2003 increasing the wheelbase a little.
I got to the lunch place and ordered an ahi tuna sandwich. They asked if I wanted chips or some sort of cold potato salad or slaw garbage with it. I said, “No, I’m unsubscribing to your lame side dishes.”
“I’m fine.” He shook his head. “I’m just confused.”
8. ACME NOVELTY LIBRARY #18-19
Global civil unrest and martial law followed as the masses realized that the remaining 1/3 of the world’s oil would be ceased by the world’s military to keep their war machines alive.
6/12 - The Deadly Companions (1961)
The constant demands and always-ringing phones are enough to drive any sane woman crazy. Add to all that the condescending Katherine Fleming Katt -- self-promoting pastor's wife of the town's largest church -- who loves to flaunt her superior position. In the midst of such chaos, will each woman find the one thing she longs for?
Instead, I have calmed and quieted myself,
So, I hope I continue to love it so I can grow up and have skin as soft and youthful as my Nanny!
So we trooped back home and hoped for the best. But we kept getting calls every evening from relatives who called us from the hospital lobby, demanding to see her. And were horrified by the family’s absence!
Hungarian Scarf, from objetapetita. I just love these colors--like Saffron and Paprika. Very Hungarian indeed. Also, I particularly like browsing objetapetita's store, because she has a little story vignette with every item. It's so lovely!
ISRAEL HOUGHTON
A retelling of Snow White, where the dwarves are giant thieves, Charming runs around mostly-naked half the time, and Snow White can take care of herself!
In the presence of divine intelligence.
and then the pool is mine.
If you are getting our podcasts through iTunes, you will now need to get them all through our Church of Thee PVC feed as Mevio have started clamping down on bad langusge/images and our other feed seems to have been deleted. Boo! Go here instead http://feeds.feedburner.com/ChurchOfTheePolyvinylCraftsmen
On the other hand, we have a random outburst by some guy named Clement – who, I’m guessing, was too cheap to hire an American housekeeper.
The goal, I believe, is to minimize race as a descriptor in any way. If people were all enlightened beings, words would just go back to being words. Chink would just be a dent or blemish. Fag would just be an English word for cigarette.
degree
-Extends the wear of a foundation
fading from view
Their wives
This is NOT about homosexuality, although in the tenets of Eddie Long’s faith, he is sexually immoral for the action of homosexuality. Eddie Long’s actions are about Child Sexual Abuse, and perfect example of Child Grooming.
without a mother or father,
"But how could all this be going on in her brain with no physical manifestations? No tremors. No sweat. No seizure activity."
Thandie Newton (Jefferson in Paris)
Welcome to my wee photoblog on Glasgow, where we feature the joys and unjoys of walking and cycling through a fascinating, beautiful and often badly run city. For the blog's origin see the 'Introduction' post -
So the trip to Venal was short… or not too long in any case. Any fleet form up is like herding cats at times. There is that first 15-30 minutes of people joining late, wanted to know where the fleet is, wanting to know if they can catch up. And then there are the rest of us who just want to go go go and get to the destination and what exactly is the destination please and what are we going to do when we get there can we jump already or is the gate red and if it is do I have long enough to run to the store and buy some more beer?
Holy mounds of batman crap I lost interest in writing about SXSW this year, didn't I?
I wish there had been more time to spoil him. I wish I had noticed sooner that something was wrong so he didn't have to hurt so long. I wish I had known the cancer had spread to his blood so they could have done the medications in a different leg avoiding the burst vein altogether. I wish Brian had been able to be there.
By: Scott Lawson
So, soon, there will be not just one but two of me ;). Any new parent knows how much I wish that were true!
Needless to say, I was rubbed up like a magic lamp all day despite my repeated requests for people to not touch me. I don't care how cute you think I am pregnant, if I tell you not to touch my belly, have the decency to comply with my request.
4. The nature of power and authority are of central concern to postmodern political thinking. The relationship of the individual to the authoritarian power structures of society is the central focus of more than one PKD novel.
8. In one, I play as yordles (dafuq folks) and in the other, I get to play as 8 foot tall warmonsters with a penchant for TEARING YOUR HEART OUT WITH A SPOON. GG yordles.
Not generally available in the shops and not cheap, but well worth a one-off purchase or subscription.
And I love her
Thought you might like to see some of the photos that my wife took down in southern Utah.
Icarus (IK-uh-rus)
talent at the same time. It all culminates in the raga dedicated to John
At every stage in this Labour government’s attempts to impose multiculturalism on Britain, the Conservative Party has connived and colluded with Labour. The Conservative Party has had endless opportunities to highlight the Neo-Marxist, politically-correct terror which has infected our society, yet it has done nothing. The odd Conservative MP might come out with the cliché - “this is political correctness gone mad” - just to give the impression to beleaguered constituents that he understands their concerns when some spiteful council decides to ban the flying of the England flag on 23rd April, but he does nothing. When teachers, university lecturers, police officers and nurses have been isolated and attacked often for completely harmless remarks, the Conservative Party remained silent. And let me remind Cameron of the way he treated Patrick Mercer, a former army officer, his erstwhile front bench spokesman on defence. When Mercer pointed out some of the facts of life in the British Army on race and race-related matters Cameron s
As always, if I can help or answer any of your real estate needs, please don’t hesitate to text or call me at 615 417-8182 or email me at RolandLow1@gmail.com
I have now been scrapbooking for 3 years. I initially began scrapping as a fun way to preserve my family's memories, but now, it's all this and a whole lot more!
I played.
15. Old Jarrow
6. Feldspar
flavor the pan. So, heat a pan to medium heat with some extra virgin olive oil. Once heated, add the garlic. It will cook really fast, so just stir it a bit so it will flavor the oil and pan and then dump in the onions. Onions take longer to cook than some veggies so I always cook them first. I’m not a fan of crunchy onions in this type of food.
I’m not a big fan of church weddings, though my family is a 100% hardcore catholic I’d prefer to have my wedding in a garden of some sort. And just to please the folks a priest would be conducting the ceremony. Everything else would be simple.
Me: STUNNED with gator sized tears, Wow, seriously?! I even flipped to the wrong day in the devotional book!
With similar frustration, Dave has been looking for an apartment to rent in Paris. Not just for a week, but a year long contract. He found one he really wants. But the agent just can't be bothered. He calls her, leaves messages, has gone to the office, gotten promises from her that she will call him back and again, NOTHING.
”We are leaving,” R said politely. He stood in front of The Cardinal´s chair, a simple thing but it made him think of a throne, there was still such an air of sovereignty around the man.
Difficult choice isn’t it? But I know which one I would choose, if I was sitting in a room with that ultimatum, a lifetime supply of money sitting on a desk and next to it, a chute for all my money and assets because I chose happiness over wealth.
Whedon also excels here with the new characters of Black Widow and Hawkeye. I call Widow a new character because I was never happy with the way she was uncomfortably shoehorned into Iron Man 2 and given basically nothing to do; Whedon has to reinvent her here. Scarlett Johansson gets to play a character--and quite well, actually, reminding me of why I used to think Scarlett Johansson was a capable actress. She's actually got layers; she's neither a superwoman nor the token non-powered character. (Good fight scenes, too; even though she's of course packed into a tight outfit, she doesn't have any of the silly pole-dancing martial arts of her previous appearance.) Jeremy Renner is a likable Hawkeye, and Whedon pulls a good trick by putting Hawkeye in a situation for the first half of the movie that not only pays homage to Hawkeye's origins as a villain in the Marvel Universe, but also gives us an introduction to a character we don't really know yet. He makes you forget just how implausible an archer would be in this world of monsters,
Perhaps the worst bit of Nanny State pandering on this site is thereaction game at which you must be the farmer catching eggs from his chicken. No I'm not kidding and this pile of shit is payed for by us the taxpayer!
Yet we often celebrate those that can stand up and preach, those that can stand up and lead sung worship on Sunday and those that do cold contact evangelism. I am drawing a distinction between those that lead sung worship and those that play in pubs/clubs etc because I think the audience is different and perhaps the purpose as well. Although they are both artists. But what I am really thinking about is what about our artists in the world? Those that draw, take photographs, cook great food, write poetry, write novels, sketch, make models etc for the world to see…yet they often get the back seat. But the church needs them, because these people are speaking into the culture we are in and they are engaging with it in a different way. The are reaching people who the preacher alone could never reach.
grateful:
The physical recovery may appear to go quickly, but the mental and emotional recovery does not go along as quickly.
(UNKNOWN): Abraham Hassel (ph) from Jacksonville, Florida.
Optional: 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon
35. Seen an Amish community
After three stores I got only two of them, but that was enough for me (I'm sorry Marc, I know you like melons but you're to young for this ones!).
So I approached Lulu as a fan of both artists - albeit a fan who felt that neither had recorded any decent material for over twenty years! And maybe being a fan of both is the key to liking the project?
Like one of Saturn’s rings, the band turns out to be one Earth radius thick, or about 4,000 miles (6,437 kilometers).
So I'm one week in at my new place of employment, and am cautiously optimistic. No job is perfect, of course, but it seems like the kind of place where I can settle in, do good work, and live my life outside of 8-5.
27.虫
Chopper: Jimmy, if you keep stabbing me, you're going to kill me.
In connection with the motion to consider the opinion of the Chief Justice as a vote in favor of petitioners, the writer has the following to say:
Linda McCartney - keyboards, vocals, percussion
Then after this period which I excuse myself for by claiming is ‘commuter time’ I actually get on with it. The writing starts. This is like entering a waking dream. You consciously cross a threshold and once more you are back in the world you have imagined and which has waited patiently for you to come back so it can move on again. This world is peopled with characters you have mostly made up, but who share certain tics and preoccupations with yourself and with people you know. I am at my happiest humming along improvising through the scenes as the ideas grow and multiply. That time when it all really does seem possible, first draft time. During that happy period which can last anything between six months to a year, there is the occasional presenting to agent and editor. It is really only at that stage that I start keeping a hand written word count and try to keep to an average per day although that is not in any way fixed.
Herbert paid his debt to society by twiddling away the days in solitary confinement. Herbert’s personally prohibited him from becoming familiar with the inmates he was stranded with. Being friends with anyone wasn’t an option. It became a well-know fact that he couldn’t get along with others, especially in confined places. Whenever he was in the general population, he pursued fights on a daily basis. Arguments were his passion and ”asshole” soon became his middle name. Not even the meanest of the mean would mess with Herbert. The years put a definition of anger in the creases of his drawn face. The look of a psychopath was naturally etched into his smile. Inmates made it a point to stay away from Herbert whenever he wasn’t being kept in solitude. However, when he was alone, away from all other prisoners, Herbert was the perfect inmate. The guards had no problems with him. They came to the understanding that Herbert caused fight in order to stay out of general population. “Clooney, why are you here? Can’t you behave? Y
Passages
Fuse the frit into a flat piece of glass. I placed the glass frit into the kiln in a pot and then let the glass melt down through the pot onto the bottom of the kiln (prepared with kiln wash, of course) until the glass was flat.
It used to be that when you went over they would slow your service down so much that you could maybe get your email to open, but that was it. If you called they would sometimes let it go and reset it and other times you just had to wait twenty four hours. Recently they came up with a new system where if you go over you could pay five bucks and bingo your speed has been restored or you can wait twenty four hours. Since they started two months ago we have somehow gone over our limit around ten times. A few days ago I spent an hour on the phone trying to get the tech support guy to tell me what the hell they had changed so that I could avoid this. He of course assured my that nothing had changed and as a sign of good faith reset my service without charge, but I know they messed with something. Somehow they changed the way they count the megabytes in order to get customers to pay a little more. Right now I have no options because they have a monoploy on the market. I don't really miss living in the city, but I can't explain how much I mi
release out of the source of my lover's joy
Well, I went last week with two of my friends and it was a raging success…
Clean the house and work on laundry
Now to the point of the title of the post. One of the mini set themes found in 2011 Topps Allen & Ginter was called "Uninvited Guests." It is a ten-card set of houses and other locations that have had infamous ghost sightings. The backs of each of these cards even has a brief summary or two about what goes on at each location. Perusing the checklist, it looks like either the TAPS or the GAC have been to almost all of these locations (save possibly the White House and Amityville). Now at the National last year, we were able to find three of the ten cards in the set. She was hoping to find the rest at the show last weekend. Suffice it to say, we are now in possession (pun intended) of all but ONE of the cards, and it will haunt us to no end.
Readers who enjoyed the first book will find the same Cat and Bones, just a little older, and a little stronger. Like fine wine they’re only getting better with age.
1 small Japanese eggplant, halved lengthwise and cut into half moons
All in all, this report is worrying in the sense that all of the above details have the potential to change property valuations. Minister Shatter should be making a prompt statement on the matter and his Department has been asked for comment.
"Often they would not truly realise the full benefits of old friends until their dying weeks and it was not always possible to track them down. Many had become so caught up in their own lives that they had let golden friendships slip by over the years. There were many deep regrets about not giving friendships the time and effort that they deserved. Everyone misses their friends when they are dying."
Well that’s it for now,
Strength to my fainting heart, my zeal inspire!
This is perhaps a superimposition of contemporary class delineations on what are essentially ideological conflicts from a vastly different era to our own. I do not believe, for example, that any supposed ‘class war’ of the late nineteenth and early twentieth century can be conflated with the feudal system of the early Norman era in which even the military aristocracy and nobles were denied a voice by their King. Hence the Magna Carta.
H was the best woman at my wedding and will be for the rest of my days. I honestly can't imagine life without her.
judging by their adult male giddiness, they had a blast. nate (who i will from now on refer to as mario - as in giant stach nintendo mario) walked away with the "movember stache of the year award." whoa. i have to admit driving the five of them home in the wee hours of the morning was a total riot.
1 dearly
Expect plenty of shots of Broncos owner John Elway with a sad face on Sunday. If there is anything a Browns fan watching the game can take solace in, it is a sad Elway.
The other day we had a story on a new law coming into force which makes knowing about child abuse and not reporting an offence which can get you up to 10 years in prison. News, yes? Yes, news. On the same day, breakfast food kingpin Sanitarium announced that due to a quake-damaged factory, the country was running out of Marmite*** and there would be no more stock until July.
Fancy!
When you focus (and you are enjoying what you're doing), you slip into a place that professional athletes call "the zone." That's the place where the hoop seems lower, and you're making baskets.
We do hope you'll be able to join us for our 'Photo Inspiration' challenge and remember if you would like to be considered for our GD for challenge #15 then please add 'GD' next to your name when adding your entry to Inlinkz. Entries for this challenge close at midday on Friday 18th February 2011.
Kitt turned two last month. We ditched the crib. Now every morning, she wakes up, makes a grand gesture to her big-girl bed and says, "Look! A bed!" The Munchkin is articulate and full of drama in both good ways (imagination? Check.) and bad (Shut off the TV?! I shall never recover!! NEVER!!) Much to my horror/amusement, has no social filter whatsoever.
You’re outside a “Planned Parenthood” clinic and spot a cute little All-American (that’s code for “white”) Jesus-loving, bible-brandishing wholesome, perky-titted evangelical babe holding up a protest sign with a picture of an aborted fetus.
That's it, it's gone. I've lost it. A series of brutal things and I am unhinged, wishing I could plant blind happiness on my face.
xxx Good Luck everyone xxx
must acknowledge that there is more grace
This week Avery will turn 18 months old.
The jail is slipping down the hill due to land erosion and explosions in the mines, the jail slid down the hill, across the road and came to rest down the slope on the other side or the road. I have one of the original finials from the fence around the jail.
I am very grateful for the year that has been. It has been full of the biggest challenges of my life and yet here I still am. 2011 forced me to face some areas in my life that have now built me into someone who is stronger, more authentic and self-caring. So thank you 2011, as much as I am glad to see the back of you, I would not have changed a minute.
Brush the pan or griddle lightly with oil and lay one piece of dough in the pan. Let it cook for about 1 minute on the first side then flip and cook for another minute. Each side should have some browning starting on each side. As you cook the rest of the the Chapati, keep the cooked ones warm.
including fine dining.
The reality: success, or lack thereof, will drive you crazy. Making art may be the only thing that will keep you sane.
BioAdvance, which is based in the Science Center Port, is one of three organizations established by the state to boost the biotechnology industry.
Well that is it for me today. Need to finish getting together what I need for tomorrow. Ya'll have a great week-end!!
Answer: Call your regular veterinarian or local emergency/referral veterinary hospital for recommendations.
I think the best analogy I can come up with is that if I want boiling water, what’s the fastest way to do it? Have the kettle simmering. Not starting the water boiling from cold. Of course, to continue that analogy, I run the risk of boiling the kettle dry, but I don’t think that’s possible.
Take your baby to have her feet measured every six to eight weeks. She will grow about two shoes sizes a year, so she’ll need new shoes fairly frequently. Continue to have your baby’s feet measured this regularly until she is about four years old. After this you can get them measured every three months.
Thanks to everyone who participated in last week's challenge. We look forward to seeing your creations for this week's challenge. Your projects need to be posted by Sunday, 8 and the winners will be announced on Tuesday, January 10.
We've got loads of these old windows in the garage; and although they're great as-is (or with botanical prints behind them), I wanted to spice things up a bit this time.
It Chooses You is a compelling hybrid of photobook, memoir and social observation. The photos were made by July’s wedding photographer, Brigitte Sire. There is an awkwardness to some of the portraits — the transactions, such as they were, were not always the most comfortable. But the subjects with whom July and her small crew warmed up to made for the warmest and most touching photos. Curious details of the sellerss home and wares are also pictured. I’l lleave it to the reader to discover the fascination of a series of hand-labelled manila envelopes. Although the book has a naturally episodic nature, a kind of narrative develops as July ponders the class divide between her and her subjects, her own neuroses about the creative process, and the small miracle of human beings connecting with each other at all.
23 The End of Talk (using “talk” in epistrophe—does one say “in” epistrophe?)
-bloomsbury
Its getting so I can never trust a moments peace I know that at any minute my children may enter. I may never be able to watch a show that is not rated G again -just-in-case. Why cant they make a crib with the bars on the top so her mommy can have a little drink in peace. Is that so wrong...
you are so easily able to express your thoughts or ideas by explaining. i know that can seem like a burden, but it is amazing to see you use it for good. that's what you do. use your gift for good.
Downstairs my child is in her crib screaming her head off.
Hi there! Today the Stamper's Dream Team and the JustRite Stampers Team are participating in a hop to showcase some of the newest releases from JustRite Stampers. Here's the lineup of designers who have projects to share with you:
I moved flat back at the end of August. Months down the road, I’m feeling settled in and cosy – really loving the new home and confident I made the right decision. I know where I like to shop … grab a beer … get a cheap lunch. I have a good understanding of the local transport and how to get around my new part of town. With respect to all my day-to-day living, I reckon I’m done or pretty much there.
The yellow-orange eyes of A. flammeus are exaggerated by black rings encircling each eye, giving the appearance of them wearing Mascara, and large, whitish disks of plumage surrounding the eyes like a mask.)
I am really pleased add another hand to the Nonjatta boat today. I've been rowing for all my worth but with the help of Daniel, and anybody else who is interested, I think we can row this thing faster. Daniel begins his Nonjatta career with a coup - Togouchi 18 years old. I knew nothing about this whisky before Daniel discovered it. Not only is this a new label for me but it appears to be a completely new distillery that I have never heard of. I will post Daniel's review separately but below is a bit of a bio for Daniel:
Well, he was not deterred and we drove around till we found ice cream. Turns out we inadvertently moved to the gross side of Gaithersburg. Apparently on the the other side of the highway is a lovely, ticky-tacky world of recently built townhomes and quick-rise “town squares” where Whole Foods, Cold Stone Creamery, Lowe’s, yoga studios, wine bars and dental offices all try to pretend they’ve been here longer than they have and their store fronts are not really strip malls. Not that we can afford the fancy stuff anymore, but we did eat expensive ice cream and bought vitamins and Honest Tea in Whole Foods and I felt a lot better that day.
723 **D-IV/23/1976. “George Washington’s Farewell Address.” St. John’s College, Santa Fe, New Mexico. (Incorporated in Item C-2000 (10), above, pp. 136-62.)
I know that my mom is putting on a brave face while she crumbles inside.
There are a lot of couples and families who live miles apart because of one reason or another. It is difficult and full of challenges. But I think love goes beyond time and space. After all, physical distance can make people emotionally closer as people find ways to still communicate and share your feelings and thoughts…
Yesterday at the dinner table a new sign made its appearance: eye-rolling! My goodness. And last week, after a family dinner in our little downtown, he ditched us to hang out with his friends on First Friday (when the shops are open past 5 or 6). He was part of a roaming pack of teenagers! (We sort of observed at a distance for part of the time and hoped, when they were out of sight, that they were behaving nicely.)
I'll be headed to Bosco's here in Anchorage. They limit you to 5, but I think that's reasonable. I usually drag the wife along to snag double the books. There will be over 40 different ones to choose from. From adult themed to kids comics. I however will not be dressing up.
We were only in the ATL for what was no more than 36 hours, but we dragged ourselves out on the streets to hit Taco Mac. This is one AWESOME beer bar. Right on Peachtree at the bottom the Metroplis Loft, it is perfectly positioned to be a premier ATL bar. Even more so as Buckhead has gone rather hood as they shut down the hip hop clubs in Bankhead. It's a damn shame, as I saw Buckhead go downhill all within the two years I was in Grad School.
Author B Chris Bell was born and raised in Texas, and now lives somewhere in Chicago. I was born and raised in Chicago, and still live here. But Bell writes about Chicago as if he were born and raised here. Heck, he knows more about 1930s Chicago than I do! And that's the period in which he's set his wonderful novel, Tales of the Bagman: 1933 Chicago, during the last days of Prohibition.
The stories were originally published in a pulp magazine called Flying Aces.
kitchen looking for a pre-midnight snack; his parents were in the family room watching The Twilight
Um, I have about 2 minutes to get this done...because it's a crazy good TV night! So, what's on your DVR? I'm watching:
Of course, now I was the 'unsociable high school dropout' who 'can't get a job' and 'does absolutely nothing' which was bull, because with my mother not working due to a degenerative disease and my sister full time at another job, I was the one taking care of everything. I was the one feeding our two dogs and five cats. I was the one doing the laundry of three adults weekly. I was the one cleaning our one room trailer that we all lived in.
One local man - Michael Forbes - has stood up to Trump from day one and refuses to budge from what has been his family home for decades. Trump's plans for his hotel have been thwarted thus far and his on-going and very public battle with Mr Forbes has seen Trump describe him as 'the village idiot'. Whatever your view on Mr Forbes, one can't but help admire him for standing up to Trump and just not letting him get his own way.
For within this horse race
Hey Everyblogger...
If during the term of the agreement the licensee sells that part of his operations that is significant to the licensed technology, a third party acquires that part of the licensee’s operations, or if a competition of the licensor takes an equity position of sufficient percentage in the licensee or is able to obtain access to the licensed technology in any other way, the licensor will have the right to terminate the licence within a period of 90-120 days.
67. Vice nah hurt but conscience ah hurt yuh. Although you tend to be ignored for the wrong things you do, you still have your conscience to deal with.
Hoping you all had a wonderful Valentines day. I sure did and I am very thankful for a hubby who
If you're looking to release some pent-up energy, you could pound on the stick of butter with a rolling pin until it is thin and let it stand for 20 minutes. But be prepared to explain what that pounding is to the rest of the household. I like to slice it, because you'll be adding the butter to the mixer in pieces anyway.
Surgery lasted a little less than an hour and they did remove both the tonsils and adenoids...he was not a happy child when he woke up and after an hour and a half I finally convinced the nurse to let us go home even though he hadn't drank anything, simply because he was livid about being there....we finally got home around 5:30...the poor boy couldn't sleep, tried to drink, but it hurt, tried eating but too painful so I gave him his pain meds about a half hour early and he finally fell asleep around 7:30. I'm praying he sleeps for a while and wakes up feeling better.
Running can be like that – you start off, not knowing what comes next. Pretty sure you can’t do it, but trusting that your coach wouldn’t DELIBERATELY promise you could do something you couldn’t. And you start out with a lot of trepidation. And little by little, you conquer the seemingly impossible.
but you all know how hard it is to photograph things
So I proceeded to make the first round of jerk salmon with the tomato rice and mango slaw. Although, the mango slaw just kept separating and none of us thought it would be “safe” to eat… but otherwise, the salmon was cooked perfectly and seasoned really well, as was the rice! Since it went so well, and we all liked it so much, I thought I would make it again – not to mention the fillets of salmon looked so good at the market last saturday so I had to get some!
Keep a small plate to ready to spread.
To search its every hold.
At one point, in fact, Doc Bloom even asks Ricky how he could remember the night "Santa" killed his and Billy's parents, since he was a baby at the time, after all.
- Take another team to climb Mount Kilimanjaro to raise funds
clockwise from top: kasha, sautéd beet greens, hijiki, raw beets and sprouts w/lemon and olive oil.
I love "The Fields Of Athenry"
I of course had an interest in Miss Ginger N. Whiskey because she was wearing my pistol pasties in her Bonnie Parker act and my sheriff stars in her Calamity Jane act, but I would have had to give her a mention even if she hadn’t been because she was absolutely adorable in every way. Her act was very classy and she had such an innocent energy. I was immediately smitten. Check out the pasties! I worked so hard on them and I was bummed that I couldn’t get any good pictures of them on stage. Nothing makes you feel like a pervert quite like attempting to take a picture of something that is nipple-mounted.
I tapped it yesterday and it was the first pint pulled through my new, twin beer engine.
So what will it take to finally bring the last of this rotting wreck of humanity down? Why the upcoming war with Argentina now backed by China, over the Falklands, of course. England is stretched bare in Afghanistan, yelping like a good lapdog to the yanks, the very same yanks who are obviously siding with the financially broke and corrupt Latin Argentineans over the financially broke and corrupt Anglo British. There simply is no way that Britain can keep the Falklands and the oil wealth there and this loss will reduce Britain overnight to a third world nation.
Furious, you were
North Coast Old Rasputin Russian Imperial Stout
Countering Interior Minister Rehman Malik’s diatribe, Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif said on Wednesday that he will leave politics for good if any evidence of corruption is given against his family.
Frank Peretti was one of the first Christian authors I read that really got me excited about the craft of fiction writing and also managed to wake up my spirit as well. When I heard he'd written a new book after a 9 year break I couldn't wait to read it.
this affects older people too so bring your grannies and grandads too.
Cemeteries
In 3 words: GO THERE NOW!
Yoo hold my heart in your hands,
Can my lack of focus really be related to not rubbing one down? The anxiety and fragmentation of my thoughts and actions? As I said, I continued to think about this, through dinner, through the baby’s bedtime. And I was fucking wet, just from thinking about masturbating… Not even imagining doing it, but just thinking about this whole concept. Shortly after the munchkin was asleep, I followed M to bed, and we fucked. Good and hard, but quietly (both baby and step-mom in the house). And I came. A lot.
Snow is an old school, sarcastic quipping action-hero, I heard him likened to Bruce Willis in a review by Mark Kermode, and I think that’s quite accurate. The profanity and toughness he shows in this flick does have echoes of what I think is one of Willis’ best movies The Last Boy Scout.
Well bugger me.
12:47 - Call Amy
Phew....I didn't realise the list was so long :-) To give you an idea of what the poems are like, here is one for you to read.
It takes about half an hour by train from St Gallen to reach Romanshorn. From Romanshorn, there is a direct train to Luzern – The Voralpen Express – one of the most spectacular train journey. Passing by rural landscape and captivating scenery, watch for the moment when the train cuts across the lakes. The journey takes about 2 hours and 45 minutes.
Ebden made a video recording of a fight at a night club, witnessed by three taxi drivers, in which a premiership football player was involved. He approached News International, which offered him £2,000 for the story if the video could be used. Ebden said he wanted £20,000 and transferred the video to News International. The video turned out to be of poor quality and didn't show the fight clearly. However, News International agreed to pay the £20,000 if the quality of the video could be improved -- payment being dependent on its publication. At this point Ebden now sought £150,000 -- which News International refused to pay -- but the company did advise Ebden not to talk to other newspapers. Following two further meetings between a News International reporter and Ebden, a contract was drafted which did not specify a price but reiterated that payment depended on publication of the video. No agreement was reached regarding payment of £150,000.
Asaph Chuene and Peter Mongezi are co-founders of the upcoming Establishment for Political Redress (EPR)
Here are just a couple basic grammar tips. I recommend you follow them.
Almost all cats are fascinated by the sound of a paper bag, and every cat owner has probably witnessed the familiar scene of bringing home something from the store and watching the cat turn the bag into a toy.
If you asked anyone in North West England (and probably other places too) to name a Lancashire town starting with ‘B’, the chances are that most of them would say Blackpool. There are quite a lot of Lancashire towns starting with 'B' but Blackpool is the most famous.
What I found here is rare.
Last week, Shabby Apple contacted me and asked if I would be interested in giving away a piece of jewelry to my readers... I was shocked! I have watched (and entered) giveaways at other blogs, but they were HUGE blogs...with tons of readers...Me? not a big blog...although I love my faithful readers...
After an item is sold, I will remove from this list.
With lightning like reflexes I reached out and steadied her preventing her from falling. I slowed down and asked if she was okay.
If I had to pick a favorite on ‘Carved Into Stone’, it would be the uptempo Thrash riff monster that is ‘List Of Grievances’, as it fits my taste perfectly, but there’s a lot more to enjoy here. ‘Eternal Heat’ is possibly Prong’s best opening track yet and should appeal to any Metalhead, while ‘Revenge…Best Served Cold’ benefits from its inescapable catchiness and has therefore logically been selected as the album’s single. ‘Ammunition’ was already familiar to me due to its inclusion on co-writers Channel Zero’s ‘Feed ‘Em With A Brick’ and also kicks ass here, although I think Franky De Smet-van Damme’s vocals fit this song slightly better. ‘Reinvestigate’ is a perfect closer in the sense that it leaves the listener hungry to put the album back on and ‘Carved Into Stone’ is the monumental title track this album begs for, the one that brings everything together.
It was one of this occasions when I found myself mentally composing one of those 'emails to the council' about the way a store had been situated in a manner that created major road disruption. But I soon snapped out of it.
2) Offer them $2 to draw two RPG-related pictures.
Anyway, this post really lives up to the moniker "babbling bandit" as I have carried on way too much. I have a border-line migraine so I'm going to leave it like this rather than try to edit down to something more succinct.
Well time for another reveal over at CREATIVE SCRAPPERS, And i can say i did struggle with this a little bit, but still happy with the finished page , not my favourite, but still happy. As i have said before i am a clean
BLOODY-DISGUSTING.COM, in my opinion one of the best and most informative horror websites in the world, calls the film: "A satisfying little movie that’s a perfect rental on one of those boring Sunday nights".
"You have a very nice son."
Effect of termination
It was a beautiful autumnal afternoon amongst the vines.
I shall ever try to drive all evils
I tried on a pair of jeans the next size down and I'm just not quite there yet, maybe about 5 more pounds and I will be. So I will have to keep wearing these for the time being despite the daily protests of my mother.
In terms of students, maybe it's a question of framing calculus as a building block rather than an end point. The mindset of students is a calculus class is to learn what they need, pass the test, and move on. Maybe teachers should play into to that a bit by framing calculus as the base for a career in engineering, for example. I'll default to Leo McGinneva's quote: "People don't want a quarter inch drill bit. They want a quarter inch hole." So the product is only a means to an end. Students don't necessarily want to learn calculus. They want a career that necessitates a knowledge of calculus.
Garam masala- 1/2 tsp
I think I will always remember the ride to the hospital. It was oddly serene. There was not one car on the road at that time of night, and my husband and I couldn’t help musing about the fact that we were driving as two at the moment, but would be coming back as three. We held hands between the seats and said a prayer for our future. It all seemed like a bit a of a dream… especially since I wasn’t feeling any contractions yet.
ME: Good one.
Beowulf - I am hereby outing myself as a big-ass English major nerd. I love Beowulf. This is not Beowulf. What, Beowulf gets with Grendel's mother now? The hell? I don't care if she's Angelina Jolie, that ain't right. Plus, the 300-ized style looks awful. Does EVERYTHING have to be pillaged these days? Most of the moviegoing public probably doesn't even know a thing about Beowulf, so why not leave it the hell alone, or at least call it something else? It's not going to be another Lord of the Rings.
From the sidelines
In another study in England that analyzed more than 10,000 vegetarians and meat eaters, researchers concluded there was a direct relationship between the amount of meat consumed and the chances of getting heart disease.
1 accomplish
Click on my Top 5 Steals page to see some GREAT deals on different types of clutches. Do you have a favorite clutch? Tell me about it in the Comments section!
I love these postcard poems, and the fact that I will have written 31 brand new poems by the end of the month – no easy feat that, getting me to work so much in such a short space of time. I’m very happy with the core poems that are appearing on the cards straight off my pen; some of them will need a little tweaking and become short poems but others will mix and match, blend into each other. This is a great habit to cultivate and I would love to continue, even if I don’t actually send the cards to anyone I’d like to collect them for myself – must find a nice box.
When nothing works, objectors and opponents threaten to institute legal proceedings. The “I will sue you” mentality is quite widespread. It seems to be the final answer to one’s frustrations, grievances and selfish interests.
Can leak out and disturb their sleep
In this video, Home Instead Senior Care franchise owners and CAREGivers discuss how the Life Journal has helped them care for people with Alzheimer’s and other dementias.
We've had a lot of fun with Lincoln and Washington this week. We've learned a lot about them and decided which of their hats we would rather wear. I had to find a way to use my mustached photos in the hall...I think most of my kids look pretty terrific in their hats. I would vote for any one of them. I do think that a couple of them look more like pirates than presidents...I should have found some powdered wigs!
If anyone replies wanting more info, reply promptly with the answers they want. If you don’t know the answers, copy someone who does and refer to them directly in your reply. It may take a few emails to set up, say, an interview, but you should let the person know you’ve gotten their email and you’re on top of it. Furthermore, if they aren’t already, ask if they would like to be added to a press list for future updates and news.
Next time I will feature bridal party portraits and the ceremony! I hope you all have enjoyed viewing these pictures as much as I enjoyed putting the post together!
concoct
Whitney Mercilus, DE/LB, Illinois
“Colombian?” said brown hair. “We’re Italian.”
I will not have thee.”
This awesome altered tin was created using Graphic 45's Steampunk Debutante Collection. Really proud of this one!! This is a new project created just for this Design Team Call. I love making altered tins and can not believe I have never made one using this collection before. It's perfect!! I had so much fun creating this piece and wanted to create a feel of mystery.
I don’t need to tell who Silvia Kusada is, we all know her and the last time I talked to her which is everyday since I met her, she was doing fine thank you very much Mr. Tim Higgs Loser.
I recommend that all Eurosceptics should visit Alsace, the place is littered with battlefields, it is home to the Maginot Line and even a Nazi concentration camp – yet now thanks to the EU we can drift across the border at will spending the same currency. You see, some things are better than they used to be!
and alive to God in Jesus Christ our Lord. Alleluia.
Other than self-respect, what incentive for excellent performance does an employee of a big company have?
Almost True is almost a stand-alone but a reader would get much more from it after reading When I was Joe. For newbies, the hero is not called Joe, though he is sometimes thus referred to among other names. He has reverted to Ty, his real name before he and his mum entered the witness protection programme, after Ty witnessed a stabbing in the park.
Happy days all-round. Heeeyyyyyyyyyyyy!!!
bittersweet slow farewell, if not
Combine the flour, sugar and salt
Stargate SG1 (all 10 seasons plus two made for tv sequels) *favourite*
At first, the talks did seem (as I had expected) to deal with global issues in both the literal and figurative sense. Soon, however, the talk turned to the situation at the College, which I found much more interesting. Hampshire College may be an "alternative" (or as we prefer: "experimenting") educational institution, but it is also an elite and extremely expensive one: combined cost of tuition, room, and board (or TRB, as the administrators call it) is over $ 53,000 per year. One wondered how students at such an institution (even if 83 percent of them do receive financial aid) would view their own situation.
When my friend and I walked up to the store we saw this dress styled in the window. I immediately fell in love with the colors...it was just so pretty! I tried this dress on in a size 2 and it was a good fit. That was about all that went well with this dress for me. First. the neckline really bugged me. It's so high that you can't really do much in way of a necklace since there's a bow there. It limits styling options. Second, the dress came down to just above my knees, which is shorter than I like. It did have a lot of hem that could possibly be let out, or a slip could be worn with it to get some more length. Easy fix. That however, isn't enough to make up for the neckline. Overall the print is amazing, and the idea of it is cute, but the negatives outweigh the positives for me, so it's a pass for now.
Verve - Sip & Savor stamp set
Moraji
in a cat’s meow
The trouble with Madalyn was that she needlessly alienated a whole lot of people, many of them atheists. She saw herself as the epitome of what a self-respecting atheist was supposed to be, and if you had a less confrontative vision, she considered you a coward. Because of her harshness, one of her followers founded The Freedom from Religion Foundation, which is now much larger than American Atheists. Another problem with Madalyn was that when she died, her organization nearly folded. That’s just how it is with personality-dominated groups.
The Guards' intelligence office also runs operations out of mosques and Islamic centers around the world, according to sources. It finances the facilities, guides assets, recruits Muslims for reconnaissance of potential targets in host countries and forms alliances with other Islamic minorities such as Afghans, Pakistanis, Turks for terrorist operations.
Let's start off with an examination of the reactor vessel manufactured for the first large commercial nuclear plant in the United States - the Shippingport Atomic Power Station. Below is an illustration - click to enlarge.
Speaking of that certain couple, another of oldest and dearest friends is Julie Corman Baggett. I've known Julie since before I was old enough to remember. There is a picture of the two of us around age 5 or 6 in little red leotards getting ready to preform in "Oklahoma." We were friends all through high school and lost touch a little while we were in college, but reconnected when I moved to Birmingham to do my internship. When I moved back for good, we basically just picked up where we left off. Our husbands are big golfing buddies now and I even knew she was getting engaged before she did! (We did good Nick!) Anyway, I consider her as close to a sister as one can be. They came over to help us move into the new house (on her birthday....now that's a good friend!) and we told them that we were expecting. They were so shocked and I'll never forget the look on Julie's face when I told her my due date. Fast forward 2 weeks and they came over for Memorial Day to each lunch with us. We are sitting at the table eating lunch when Nick dropp
As we have intimated previously, on the one hand you are such a minute part of creation yet because of Ascension are now a main point of focus and interest, and very important to the whole process. The Universe is aware of your soon to come upliftment as physical Beings. It has created such an interest that you have quite an audience looking on to witness the event. It brings souls from even other Universes who want to share the experience with you. So never feel that you are insignificant or forgotten, as you have never had such attention as you are getting now.
How do you menu plan? Are you a coupon clipper? Do you shop by the sales papers? Do you plan monthly meals? Please share your ideas in the comment section below.
What this means is that nearly all the ideas that are baked into HR help make organizations grow into unresponsive dinosaurs. You get GM as a result.
For a backdrop I used one of the atc masks that are spiderweb shaped. The door shrines are actually sized so that you can keep your atcs in them. But I just liked how the web looked behind her. Then I added in the gravestone cutouts to finish it off.
Just before Christmas, Phil and I went to The Fashion Gallery with a friend. They had these giant clothes hangers out front. I asked Phil to pose with them so you could get an idea of the size. Right inside the door, you are greeted with a butler holding this sign. My favorite sign ever in a store! "Your husband called...He said to buy anything you want." But back to the hangers; I feel that it won't be long before I will be needing them this big for my clothes. The steroids I have been taking have gained me about 20 pounds in a month, I clearly cannot keep on like this. But it is not an option to stop the steroids, so I must diet or something. I am just seizing life, but perhaps I am seizing a bit too much...
1. Combine all dry ingredients in a medium bowl, mix well.
#24 Endtroducing… by Eliot Wilder
Whatever you're doing, do it wonderfully!
Normally, the these reproductions pieces exercises might be put into 5 levels:
I made it. I'm here! The trip with Milo was sort of crazy, sort of funny, physically exhausting, but in the end, not as horrible as dreaded.
Then I got another one from her, that read "No, tell me something you want to do to me,.. I am horny!"
Mayonnaise head lice treatment is a easy and natural to kill lice and is something you will possibly currently have at home in one of your kitchen cabinets. Pubic lice indicators are many times mild, severe itching, macular, or mini, awkward to see blue gray lumps on the skin, and breaks the skin or redness and swelling indicate achievable infection. small gray insects or parasites brown hair that reaches the recoginized as lice. This is because the lice and their eggs are so mini they will fit the teeth of routine combs . If a class has understanding that a construction carrier mosquitoes, daily checks are wise to prevent lice to others. Size nits is about 0.
What did Jesus say about this notion that if you prosper it means God is blessing you for your holiness?
A lot of people take a good night rest for granted, but I have to say on the days that I don’t get enough sleep; I am more likely to not go to the gym. If I do go, it seems like a waste of time because I absolutely have no energy to work out and I end up not staying too long. Oh by the way, those are usually the days that I just feel like eating whatever. Therefore, make sure you are getting enough sleep to allow your body to recover and rest. This way, you will have the energy boost you need the next day to do what you need to do to stay on track.
Russell jumped in, “Why don’t we have her stay close to Aryc? Sounds like she’s got a tight in with the man.”
I hope you enjoyed the photos, and would like to invite you also over to our blog for Cantanopy Photography at http://blog.cantanopy.com and also subscribe. I will try to post new photos every day which will be anything from what we have material off, mostly detail shots and model shots. And please, like it too…
It was tough since I am writing out of my comfort zone but I am pleased at the way this little M/M short story played out. I hope readers enjoy Cal and Alex’s beginning. I have plans for them in the future as well so you may see them again.
assorted buttons & cardboard heart
4) Award-winner and the one who has given the prize have to show the link of “Arte y Pico” blog, so everyone will know the origin of this award which is here: Arte y Pico.
this is the hard part. this retails for $62 USD which is very pricey. more than most high end foundations. currently you can buy this on koh gen do's official website, barney's, and sephora (where i purchased it).
How's that for slick work?! I'm not showing you much because I'm still undecided about how to style and use this space. I'm unsure of the type of shelves, desktop, and organizational system. So for now, it looks like this:
In the meantime, Malaysians must continue to support Bersih and Pakatan in the fight for justice for those injured, while not forgetting the war for free and fair polls.
Off to practice I go. Wish me luck and patience!
The seller doesn’t appear to have any inside info and appearances can be deceptive, but from what I can see the upright is formed of a central metal (probably Ti) core, with the carbon fibre producing a stiffening structure around the wishbone and brake mountings. We can see even back then BAR used a hollow hub to feed cooling air to the brake disc, a practice only just dropped for this year.
I've never seen anyone else break shells like this, but I like it. It makes it kinda fun, trying to remove the biggest shell piece possible!
In a world where we have so much stuff....what a question!......it took a little bit of thinking and not so easy to answer I might add.
are filled with new trees, tiny bells, soft sleeping and love. love. love.
A few questions arose at this point.
Little Yellow Bicycle and today, I share with you a couple of cards from
Painful? Yes.
Luckshmi Sivalingam is a program officer in Grameen Foundation’s Solutions for the Poorest initiative, where she is managing a pilot program to expand income opportunities for the very poorest people in India.
In marketing the watch service, Heinze has been hit with mixed responses. While Heinez's more sophisticated clients have appreciated that, as an outside lawyer, he has taken an active interest in their businesses, other clients shy away from the extra information.
HENRY JAGLOM: Right. I've got seventeen or eighteen films now, and they've all be done on film. There is nothing like film. Editing on a computer is fine. It's faster. But once we're done, we print back out to film, and the movie get's released on film. Film is a big part of the process for me. I may be the only one left in Hollywood using film. I just love it.
And that is why the power of language is the greatest power. It can be used, of course, for good or for ill, but as writers and speakers we do change people’s minds.
Uncle Al: Perry’s uncle and owner of the darkhouse who believes it’s evil
NOW ONLY $ 29
Hey America, Sam Sparks here! Not really (and if you haven't seen Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, you are now just confused)...Aubrey from All Things Bright and Beautiful! And yes, my sense of humor will be pretty much like that throughout the whole post (c:
On any given night in San Francisco: I might be at a concert at the Palace of Fine Arts where fifty musicians have put together a hip hop symphonic orchestra. Hip hop kids wearing their hoodies and high top sneakers are throwing their hands up in the front, and an older couple next to me is clapping enthusiastically to the beat. The age range at the concert appears to be from 16 to 65, and that absolutely tickles me.
Dear Heavenly Father! You have made me a partaker of the Abrahamic blessings through Our Lord Jesus Christ. I present my tithes to You as a token of my covenant relationship with You and the connection to the Abrahamic blessings. Therefore, the devourer is rebuked from my finances, every form of sickness is destroyed and failure is completely removed from my life, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
Weeks such as this one serve as a reminder to choose enlightenment and spiritual authenticity. Yes, as we partake in the evolutionary workouts there are bumps and bruises but the dicey days are worth the end result of discovering the Soul’s treasure-trove of hidden truths. The illusions of a third dimensional existence are now too narrow and limited for those bonded with the Light that is evolving Love within its expression here.
The brigade of Virginia and Maryland have march’d forth to intercept
- It must have fallen out when I hit that bump.
23. Jenko's Plan Derails (00:33)
He loved to write;
I took off Thursday and Friday to get over the crud. It was no ordinary cold sore, it took up the entire right half of my upper lip. It was like a second degree burn. I could barely eat or drink without pain. A series of rinses with 50% peroxide and water, then baking soda water, followed by 50% Maalox healed it within two days. Duane was so sweet. Thursday night he made me a ham salad sandwich and cut it up into sixteen tiny pieces for me.
Biographyby
But the losses are an alarming indication that Romney’s campaign organization is still woefully underdeveloped, even in the state where he served as governor, and where his campaign headquarters are located.
First, it’s you’re, not your. Second, I don’t think that was very nice.
4. My mother taught me LOGIC.
A law should protect everyone, or it is a bad law. The current hate crimes legislation in both its prior and post October 2009 forms is a bad law because it enshrines racial and sexual discrimination into US law, and it is that iniquity which the right should have been fighting.
Hello Sweet Friends!
9. The Youth Ahead - It's Not Me
Ok, I changed my mind. I am sorry for ruining your lunch experience. I don’t know what the hell was wrong with me. Please find enclosed $3.00 for 2 Super Lunches. I should add interest from 1974, but that is not the point, is it? Take care and hope to see you at our 40th reunion. Just don’t sit by me.
I was secretly hoping we'd make it to Old Hobart Town, a model village depicting life in Hobart in the 1820's. I didn't know if Mr Redhead would be as enthused. Luckily he was.
working by steps back into the downpour.
Insouciance Rouge Allure Extrait de Gloss is a brown-beige shade with shimmer. You can see the above picture of the gold and pink shimmers in bright sunlight. It's certainly a nice nude color.
One of the more thought-provoking books I’ve read in a long time, Room addresses certain issues that most of us take for granted.
Don't particularly care for it and my first impression was 'urgh'.
Well, I have to say that there is very little on the television now that makes me laugh at all - well, apart from the fact that I don't have a television out here in my secret lesbiene love nest in America!
It was an easy decision. The decision to replace my old knees with new metal and plastic ones. I feel it was like the decision a major league coach makes when he pulls from the bull pen. He knows the man standing on that mound is done and worn out, even injured, but the game still needs to be won. So he brings in the relief pitcher, and with this new, refreshed pitcher, the promise of the chance to win the game.
The second day was similar to the first, but with fewer episodes. He still cried and pushed away, but near the end of the torrent, he reached out for a hug and within moments was calm and right as rain.
25th
A third particularity of the Olympia gig is due to a big larsen problem during "Shine On You Crazy Diamond", at the beginning of the first verse. David stopped, and after the problem was identified (refer to the title of the RoIO ;-)), David restarted the song from the beginning! Furthermore - probably to avoid to play twice the same solos during the same concert - he did totally improvised lines during the intro, and also during the first electric solo just after Syd's Theme! This performance of "Shine On You Crazy Diamond" at the
Hooptie doodie doodle
INCOME - I haven’t really discussed my income during my posts on my budget reviews yet, however it should not be overlooked.
Micheline Gingras
EU trade mark rules apply to offers for sale and advertisements relating to trade marked goods not previously marketed within the EEA with the proprietor's consent as soon as it is clear that those offers for sale and advertisements are targeted at consumers in the EU. It is for national courts to assess whether there are any factors on the basis of which it may be concluded that an offer for sale on an online marketplace is targeted at consumers in the territory covered by the trade mark.
Attach ruffle to towel with a french seam: Pin ruffle WRONG sides facing to towel material, sew with 1/4" seam allowance, trim to 1/8", iron seam allowance up and then fold ruffle over so that right sides are now facing, pin and sew, backstitching at beginning and end.
Premise #2: Zombies suffer from extreme behavioral modifications, primarily limited to the following: rabid aggression towards other humans, the complete destruction of human empathy or compassion, erasure or curtailment of the capacity for problem solving or creativity. Thus, they tend to stagger around stupidly, attack on sight, and show no mercy.
What has less sugar than an apple, more antioxidants than two pounds of broccoli, and more fiber than a slice of whole wheat bread? Oh, and tastes more heavenly than any of those good-for-you foods, as well as many desserts?
Than all the prouder summer-blooms may be.
From Nahncee:
Wow! What a night….and what a way to bring in the new year. Swing parties are the best – two different couples and mind-blowing fucking; but wait….I can’t let this just be over – I was still awake and full of sexual adrenaline. My mind was flooded with sex, my sweet Iris laying in the passenger seat dazed and still pretty drunk.
That is especially true if you’re not skilled or experienced, although unskilled and inexperienced writers sometimes let ego get in the way of learning the lessons an editor can teach. I’ve been on both sides of that issue at different stages of my career. All things considered, no matter how good a writer you think you are, you need an editor. A good editor will make your writing better.
Shortly after being rebuked by the ANC, Malema changed the words to "kiss the boer".
As I was struggling with
Friday night after everyone had finished setting up, we spent hanging around the camp site – drinking, talking, & playing card games.
We call the whole yachting deal an experience because it is so much more than just a means to get from A to B. The experience can scarcely be compared to anything else. The combination of majestic waters and your seclusion, makes this experience very unique to some and sought after by many. If you do find yourself on a luxury yacht, you are a privileged human being and don’t forget it.
It's my opinion anyway.
*Modge Podge
She ran downstairs, hoping to see that overnight Christmas had somehow magically arrived and there would be a tree and presents just like before. But there was no tree and no presents. Emily sat down, crying. Why did all these bad things happen to their family? And why didn't Santa come last night? Did he forget that she, Emily still lived here and had sent her Christmas list to him?
How else can you explain the popularity of someone as intellectually counterfeit and ethically suspect as Glenn Beck in America?
With no trace of dirt and painfully white walls
So far, only the DAP’s Karpal Singh has consistently argued for a law to stop defections. The rest from both sides have refused to be drawn into such a commitment, preferring perhaps to keep the options open.
I made a HUGE pot of chili for K to take to work on Friday. He brought my crock pot home with less than one small bowl left over. The had a chili sale at work. We've had chicken and dumpling bake, a beef roast, pot roasted turkey wings with potatoes and buttermilk baked chicken this past week. Today we are having lasagna, garlic toast and a big salad.
This wasn't actually that bad, what really hurt was tying the treadles up, which required me to crawl under the loom MANY times.
So off I go, into the land of unknown. I'm trying to figure myself and everything else out. I want to know more about myself, especially what I truly love. It's hard! I don't know how I'll find it, I just really, really hope I'll know it when I do.
Listen to the grumbling of their empty stomachs.
Dunedin may not being facing a huge blowout in the cost of the Forsyth Barr Stadium, but it is possible people or organisations may be “brought to account” following an investigation. It emerged on Friday questions remained about the final cost of the stadium – six months after the facility was built.
Take the WWE Championship. Winner is supposed to be the best in the company I take it. He is at the top of the ladder, the summit, the mountain top, they are the best of the best of the best and they defend that title against only those who climb the mountain in an effort to actually challenge them. You know, back when being a number one contender meant something? You don’t remember those days? Well Pepperidge Farm does*, and dammit, so do I*! It really makes no sense to have challengers with no clear indication of number one contender status challenge the champion! I’m not talking about the Money in the Bank matches or the Royal Rumble, those are solid. Those are good. I’m talking about arbitrary six-man battle royals the week before a PPV to determine something as significant as the challenger to the top belt in your damn business!
full of the joys of flesh, its sins and blood,
I used my trusty Annie Sloan Chalk Paint (Old White), paired that with a printable shared by a kind blogger (I'm SO sorry I didn't record who'd done it...if it was YOU, please let me know so I can give credit where it's due!). I did the inkjet transfer technique to get a faint image, then painted with black acrylic craft paint.
I haven't had time to update my blog lately, because I've been busy doing orders for Easter pages, and also for ebay. Below are several of the sets that I've recently completely. If you're interested in getting any of these themes, just drop me a line at lighthouselover2000@verizon.net. All of my pages range from $34.99 - $42.99 per set, depending on how much time is involved in making them.
At the end of this conversation, my hope was renewed. She showed us all of the numbers, all of the possibilities, and even helped me make a decision that I had been really struggling with. We could have our answer over what is causing the fluid if I were to have one, invasive test performed. A lot of people have this test done, because let's face it, not knowing for the next 26 weeks could be awful, so I get it. But when Christy asked me how I felt about the test, I told her I wasn't comfortable, I was afraid of something happening, and I just didn't know. She said, very quickly, "Okay, it's off the table!" We were then told of the opportunities that we would have in the future to see the baby as it's growing, and hopefully that would give us more answers. I love her. She's realistic, but clearly, all about this baby having life whatever the outcome is.
You know why people do this. Because deep down people are base, primitive creatures who want to root things. Combine this evaluation with the fact that a lot of people are heaps weird and you get the search terms below. None of these really have a G-Rating by the way.
Boulevard Brewing Co. Imperial Stout
Now, the book I'm currently reading is The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien. Again. And the Lord of the Rings is all about hobbits - who, as you are probably aware, are huge fans of food. Add this to the fact that The Lord of the Rings is a huge, three-volume book, and one that I could always find a lot to say about it, and I realised that we could quite easily be there all day. When I was in sixth for, my friends and I used to spend plenty of our free periods reading the books, writing bad fanfiction and discussing the details of the book and films - which were new at that time. (Perhaps I shouldn't be sharing with you just how much of a nerd I was!)
GALICIA-GARCIA MD, GONZALEZ-TORGA A, GARCIA-GONZALEZ C, FUSTER-PEREZ M, GARRIGOS-GORDO I, LOPEZ-FRESNENA N, GRACIA-RODRIQUEZ RM, SANCHEZ-PAYA J. Vacunación de gripe en trabajadores sanitarios. Por qué se vacunan y por qué no se vacunan. (Influenza vaccination in healthcare workers. Why are some vaccinated whereas others are not?) Enferm Infect Microbiol Clin 2006; 24: 413-417.
So what do you think of this Diesel Punk look? What is Diesel Punk, you ask? What happened to Steampunk, you wonder? Artistic Ouposr and I are still very much in love the Victorian magic that is the rage of steampunk, however, A. O. decided to advance the timeline and the trend to a more modern look. It’s like steampunk but with a combustion engine. To us, Diesel Punk is a style that blends the “edge” of steampunk with the art and culture of the 1920s, 30s, and 40s. We think of motorcycles, roadsters, red lipstick, trench coats, jetpacks, and jet engines.
I have been informed that, as an American, I should not attempt to get pissed. I should leave the drinking to the professionals, which, apparently, is you Brits. I am properly chastised. Of course, that has not stopped me from having a hair of the dog that bit me this evening. Just the thing I needed for my headache. The Spouse Sparrow has also said that I am not supposed to say that I have been drinking, that way people will just think I'm nuts. I'm not sure how that's preferable, but there you have it, advice from the master.
Note: View more on their latest articles on Spiritual Bypassing and Sacred Hymn
The Gua Langsir cave is a limestone formation on a hillock of the island. Located at an altitude of 91 m from sea level, tourists need to beware the thousands of bats that inhabit the dark interiors of the cave. Cave explorers alight at the island’s jetty on the western shoreline of the island and trek their way up the hilly track. It is always advisable to visit the cave well equipped with mountaineering tools and other such paraphernalia.
The canvas I had on hand from a year or so ago when Big Lots was selling tons. The paint is a sample from Home Depot of Behr’s Premium Plus Ultra, Paint & Primer in one, in the color Millstream. It’s a really pretty light blue.
Fixed Income
Enough of the geeky logistics of it all, lets talk about what happened in round one. There were no surprises at the top of the draft. The top two selections were as advertised. Andrew Luck was taken with the #1 pick by the Indianapolis Colts. Robert Griffin III meanwhile, was taken #2 by the Washington Redskins. Each quarterback has all of the required tools to become an elite player. Circumstances and talent around them will determine if they’re potential is fulfilled.
He asked where was the wine. I poured with shaking hand,
artist first. Then I studied the art of tattoo in Japan, New Zealand, England, and
Now, I guess your waiting patiently to see who the last winner for 2011 was...
Usually, there’s very little, if any, need to use email relay. But there may be situations where you have an application or device that has its own email server solution built in that needs to be able to send email to various recipients. Without the ability to relay, that application or device would need to have wide open access to the Internet in order to send email. This is not always an optimal solution, especially if you already have an email solution in place. It’s simply more secure to have that application or device relay mail through the central email solution.
Sometimes I like to discuss certain things, if they happen to be on my mind. But if some deep topic isn’t currently on the docket, I tend to completely ignore this blog.
In 1513 Michelangelo won a competition to complete the facade of the Basilica of San Lorenzo in Florence, which was left unfinished by Brunelleschi.
amissible adj; liable to be lost. This applies to almost anything Daughter owns. Or Son, come to that. We are a family full of amissibility.
Those of us who were watching were incredulous. We had just witnessed David getting rid of the perfect solution to his problem! What better way to get a horse to stand still so you can walk around him than to give him a bucket of grain?
"Yes, but it's dry!"
I educate friends on jailbreaking and unlocking.
The site then directs teens to Planned Parenthood, saying that agency will either help them talk to parents or provide a lawyer to guide them through the judicial process.
Have a wonderful Easter and I hope to be back soon!!
Okay, time is up. I’m going for a quick jog. Olympic is around the corner.
Women’s sexuality is a landmine of insults waiting to happen. If you are not sexually active, you’re frigid. If you are sexually active, you’re a slut. If you are a woman who enjoys sex YOU MUST BE A WHORE because you are enjoying it too much. I guess I could counter this with men. If a man lasts less than five minutes, he’s inept. If he lasts too long, he’s clearly not doing something right. If he’s quiet, he’s not enjoying it. If he’s too vocal, he’s trying to conjure up his favorite porn movie in his mind.
I’m beginning to learn that I write best (or get more done) when I’m able to write early in the morning. There’s an hour to two hour period where Bagpiper has already left for work and Cupcake is still asleep that’s just perfect for writing. Unfortunately, I really hate waking up early, so I’m still trying to adjust to attempting to be up at 5am every day. Some days it works, others it doesn’t.
I do beseech your majesty may salve
The malteser linear gear is a device to make visible the difference in sunrise between summer and winter, and also the quotient from day and night. Marc also points out that the transformation from rotation in a linear movement always has the same speed (no sine function). The malteser cross mechanism is responsible for the change of the seasons.
I am up here next to the SF Airport but haven't seen any over-aged crybabies yet.
This part is especially time frustrating. I will sometimes start a pattern over 10 times, making little changes each time in order to get the look I want, taking notes in my compositions book with each edit. In the case of my lace crop top, I ended up not having enough yarn so I had to make it into a halter. Fortunately, I tend to go for quick projects that I can complete in a couple days (despite being a knitter I have little patience for longterm projects.) After a few (or many) attempts, I finally get something that looks like what I imagined in my head. Once that’s done, I write down a clean-ish version of the pattern so I can recreate it later.
Cheddar Cheese Puffs (you can see the recipe here. Following the suggestion of my mother-in-law, I added a bit of Dijon mustard to the dough. It turned out very nice).
IU included the government’s written response in a statement.
Roughly two seconds later, Kunalan Subramaniam stole the ball from a shocked Carl Jenkinson, dribbled playfully around the superstar and shot nonchalantly, while blindfolded, into the visitors’ net.
Star and angels gave the sign.
Couponing is another favorite of mine! It can take a little time, but does save you a ton! I keep a notebook, with baseball card holders, for all of my coupons. I also subscribe to several emails or groups about saving money. They email me deals all the time! Groupon, and similar sites, are my absolute favs too!
As I've been writing this blog, I have been aware that I don't use male pronouns. This has not been in the disrespect of my child or to anyone reading this. M is well aware of the fact that this is a hurdle that I have yet to leap. I'm fortunate that I have an understanding child, and that through counseling, we've both been made aware of what we are able to take in. Using female pronouns is my way of not letting go of the daughter that I still see sometimes. It may be selfish, but it's the last thing I have that I'm grasping onto. You know when you're fighting in a tug-of-war with something, and you picture all 10 fingers holding firm to whatever it is you're trying to grasp? I'm still doing that. But it's not w/ 10 fingers anymore. It's with maybe 6, 7, or 8. It's been through the support of my followers and other friends, who DO use the male pronouns when they are talking to or about M, that I have been able to start letting go. I am envious of the parents that I read about that were accepting from the beginning. I wish I had felt
?Increases air moisture for easier breathing and a good night’s sleep?
The March 2012 Glymm Box was initially disappointing, but I thought better of half of the products after some use. So far, the April 2012 Glymm Box is not overly impressive – we’ll see how it goes after I try some of these out. May 2012 may just be my last Glymm Box, if I don’t feel better about this box and the next one doesn’t wow me.
I’ve mentioned before how different we are and that it is important to find the right exercise for you. We are (fortunately?!) not all the same, so our bodies react differently to things, including exercise. So even if you are not in ‘super-responder’ category, don’t despair, just put some effort into finding out what really works for you and minimise effort on the things which don’t work! There is no point wasting valuable time with something that isn’t right for you…(a lesson for all areas of life…)
So, the rules...well, it's only one rule, but I think it's a pretty great rule.
"Living outside the box"!
I had a go at making a tab card, also using the new frame it cutting die., coloured with copics and teamed up with some my minds eye papers, flourish with a bling leave and I did a bit of distressing as well.
Poetic speaking opens up our spheres of existence so that we may reflect on and engage with them in the course of our lives. It gives us our sense of ‘being in the world’.
My analysts have recently completed a research report called Lombardi’s Secret Stock That Goes up When the Stock Market Goes Down. We have hundreds of hours invested in researching, compiling and writing this report. My company plans to sell this report for $95. You can get it for free.
SUS!
So as any good youngest bunch of the cousins would do I awoke at 3 am yesterday to make cinnamon rolls for the whole group.
Well I couldn't!
I see tons of Pinterest inspired Valentines floating around this year. I admire my friends who are making fish bowl cards and treat bags with mini-shovels and making heart shaped crayons and more. I'm not crafty, I don't have time, and I generally don't have the patience for that sort of thing.
That said, there was a moment where all seemed good because this football field was named after her grandpa and that usually means that the family kicked ass at war or business or football, all cool things to kick ass on. But then Beyan starts telling stories about love and Ben had that look he gets when he’s not drunk enough to give a shit or when “you aren’t Courtney”.
This access was acquaint on Thursday, April 23rd, 2009 at 12:00 am.
and camped out for the week. We climb mountains, white water raft, shop in
I vaguely remember Michael Fassbender from Inglourious Basterds but, to be honest, I never really paid much attention to him. Until now. Damn, that boy can act too. I liked that he looked a little older than everyone else after what he’d been through during the holocaust and the scene in the bar in Argentina was one of my fave moments in the film.
Daisy Frances King was born in early 1885 in country Queensland to parents Nathaniel Irvine King and his wife Emily Sloane[ii]. Daisy had three sisters and one brother. School records suggest they lived in Marburg c1894 before later moving to Brisbane.
The northern end of Sugley Dene is dominated by spectacular beech trees towering above the footpaths and the stream, Sugley Burn. Their impressive canopy shades out sunlight from the woodland floor and bare earth banks are common here. The southern end of the Dene, by contrast has oak, ash and hazel trees allowing the light through to plants including native bluebell, wild garlic and lesser celandine.
Hello lovely ladies. How are you guys doing?
It is vitally important to understand that the National Road Traffic Act has no requirement for proof to be furnished that a vehicle fitted with counterfeit plates has been operated on a public road and that it additionally defines the mere manufacture and/or possession of such plates a criminal offence.
Altered histories are all around us, embedded in our lives to such an extent that it becomes difficult to imagine, for we indeed have to “imagine,” what reality is, what the truth or the real “news” of human action actually looks like. This is most apparent in the world of words, where the writer takes life in and presents it the best they can but always through the filter of their own humanity. But as so many theorists have been quick to point out over and over again, it is the domain of the modified image that contains the most power to alter history and compel a certain beliefs about its factual evidence.
Unlike popular expectations though, the whole of India is not uniformly hot. The North of India actually has seasons, and can get incredibly hot and cold. The climate in the South is more tropical, and the temperature usually fluctuates between a balmy 25 - 35 C, with intense monsoons between June and September. The rains are actually a blessing, as the heat would have been unbearable during this season otherwise. We like to joke that there are three seasons in the South, hot, hotter and hottest, and each vying to make you the most uncomfortable. A lot of people don't realise that its not the heat that gets you, though, its the humidity. That wet towel feeling, to be precise.
To work I would have to watch TV and talk to my mother. By distracting those parts of my brain I was able to focus fairly well on the tasks required by my employment.
A good friend of mine and former employee is doing just that--and making four-figures a month to boot.
Here's a page that I demonstrated at a Stampin' Up! party this past weekend.
kennel up (go to her crate)
I have to confess to being a bit leery of the movie, after hearing several "meh" reviews of it. I'm quite a fan of the books, and the societal/class commentary contained within them. If, somehow, despite constant media bombardment, you're still unfamiliar with the books, the basis is (and here I click over and steal from Wikipedia):
1/4 cup chopped onion
Bonaly
Toonman was going with me
Fairly entertaining to see while we were hunting down that wren was this Cooper’s Hawk apparently enjoying a day at the mud spa, behavior I’ve never seen before.
Min 5: “I don’t think I should’ve capitalized Mom in that last minute thought. PEOPLE KNOW MY GRAMMAR IS TOILET LEVEL. THEY CAN FEEL IT and that’s why they’re not reading this post. Mom? Mom, help! That’s when you capitalize Mom when it’s used like a name, jackass.”
Step 3: trace it right from the computer screen and cut it out.
alter
three seconds after this picture was taken,
The call is more of an appeal than anything. Lets face it: Ghanaians can sometimes be an indiscplined bunch--as exemplified by this picture here, where a "heavy duty" truck is parked on the first lane of a motorway...without hazard lights.
Blend thoroughly after each addition with the mixer on low speed, or by hand.
Today, I received a wonderful sketch by an artist named Roger who writes and posts his sketches in his blog Sketches by Roger. I love the way the figure is raising his hands as if he just had a major victory. I’m very partial to watercolors and pen as well.
We measured the egg whites and butter and combined the cream and chocolate…
In New York City, there is whining about homosexuals being 'discriminated against' in the annual parade. As if the St. Patrick's Day Parade should be an occasion to 'celebrate' one's sexual predilections publicly.
Our desire to touch the dead, to adorn them in their Sunday best and wish them a final farewell, is the human process of gathering similar information. It is a way to reconcile our deep familiarity with the body of our loved ones with the realization that what they may once have been is no more. I’m not even certain that we have a concept of death beyond what we can tell from directly comparing what is different between the living and the dead. I certainly didn’t as a ten-year-old child shuffling past my grandfather’s coffin. In my desire to touch his cold hand I may have been fulfilling a need that many animals experience when confronted with their own realization of death. Whether it’s a chimpanzee mother carrying her dead infant on her back, or what the New York Times reported of the woman from Plainfield, New Jersey who “talked to her dead infant as though it was alive” as she rode the crowded rail car home, the effect may be to ease our minds towards acceptance. For regardless of where we started in life, we all end
I guess the main thing that’s been bothering me all day is the war, the Middle East. It’s such a complicated subject. We’re supposed to be out of there, but there are still so many contractors getting away with having people in there and continuing to commit atrocities. When is it ever going to stop? Why do people join the army? Would there be such high entrance into the army if higher education was free?
Can't wait to see you!
What do you want me to do, dress in drag and do the hula? –Timon (The Lion King)
But in the end, none of that mattered. The Clippers showed that basketball is truly a “game of runs”, even runs of unseen proportions. They closed the game on a 28-3 run. I had a feeling that when Memphis jumped out to a big lead early, Los Angeles still had a chance. They have a lot of players who can come off the bench and provide instant offense. Guys like Young, Mo Williams, and Randy Foye have been pretty consistent all season. Eventually the Clippers caught the Grizzlies and ended up winning the game.
I am entering the following challenges with this card:
This will hopefully help you to get along and I hope that our groups might offer each other support, trade, and friendship… by the way, I know that kid is only worth a warm beer so don’t try to hussle me.
To make the sabji/bhaji/veggie
The traffic light and the traffic policeman is a common sight on every crossing. Oprah Winfrey, when she visited India recently and travelled across Mumbai, and later between Delhi and Agra, wondered what they were for. The mystery is yet to be solved. It is somewhat like figuring out why there is a Queen in England. I believe they are there because it is a tradition to have traffic lights (four) and traffic policeman (one) – a convention, without which the city roads would look less like roads, and more like lanes or highways. In some parts of India the traffic cop cuts a sorry figure, being abused and ignored; at others he is an evil character, stopping vehicles randomly, for his ‘cut’. (A ‘cut’ is a type of a tax imposed in India; the concept of this tax cannot be explained in this article.)
Only a month later, I hold Maeve in my arms as we are ushered to the exam room.
Oh my gosh. I’m done with the polygamy jokes. I promise.
So. It has been a rough few months, by few I mean since September. We have been challenged in all sorts of ways, whether it was work, school, church, moving, or whatever...it has been jam packed. On May 4th...all that stuff seemed to float away as we travelled for like 15+ hours to Hawaii for a grand vacation.
Insurance is a safety net, which helps you in case of a crisis. The crisis can be pure economic, or it can be health related or life related. The insurance product can be a policy from a financial institution or it can be cash hidden in your home or it can be even your own jewellery. Your friends, and family can also act as your informal insurance partners (and you will have to act theirs).
We'd encountered noone in the hallways on our way in...I was alone, as far as I knew.
and stays, static.
This looks like a great scheme, improving shabby land and opening up the canal.
The Best of Both Worlds
Overarching it all is the lure of the open road. On Highway 89 south of Prescott, coming over Ponderosa Pass, we flew through the tight turns on the winding road, windows down, enjoying the way the RX8 cornered, downshifting through six gears and letting the rotary engine rev to levels not possible with pistons. It was a balmy 78 degrees. We drank root beer and Matt spat sunflower seeds out the window, the quintessential American scene, music up, enjoying the road, the car, and the sun. We are feeling very content again.
= $22.99
Peace & Abundance, Cid
Some highlights were when Merrick threw his grappling hook up to the balcony, then rolled a natural 1 on his climb check (of course!) Causing him to fall flat on his back. When he made it up the next turn, Vontarin grabbed him by the neck and hurled him off the balcony. This time the little halfling caused a domino affect of falling bookshelves that completely covered the invoker in Encyclopedias – for 17 damage!
Attend other book launches and book-related events at the local bookstore. You will learn things, have fun, and enjoy being a part of the scene. And you don't want to be one of those types who doesn't support others but expects their support in return.
Total Running Time: 387 minutes
17. We'll Sing in the Sunshine - Helen Reddy
By participating in Austin Twestival which supports charity: water, you can affect a change. This non profit organization is working with international partners including A Glimmer of Hope and Water for People to bring clean, safe drinking water to people in developing nations. 100% of the money raised goes to direct project costs, funding sustainable clean water solutions in areas of greatest need. Just $20 can give one person in a developing nation clean water for 20 years.
1/2 c lightly packed fresh basil, roughly chopped
SHUSHYBYE is all about dreams…dreams made especially for children by the Shushies who live in shushybye villages such as Nap Valley, Snore Shore and Slumber Heights. But children have to go to bed on time in order to get their Shushybye dreams. Children make their Dream Wish before they go to sleep. The Shushies make all their dreams then place them in Dream Boxes. Conductor McCloud puts the Dream Boxes on the Shushybye Train and transports them to children as they fall asleep on time.
36. When Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone back in 1876, only six phones were sold in the first month.
Sept 11 – Mojoe’s Rock House – Tinley Park, IL (W/Valencia)
It was my friend's birthday yesterday! Birthdays are so fun :) I called her to wish her a "Happy Birthday Boo!" and while we were chatting she told me about a blog they had started. Its called, Rack Love! These two do everything on their bike, as they should since Amber works for Specialized and makes these amazing bikes! Check out some of my favorite things they have done or carried on their bikes recently:
I looked at my cell. Noting the time, I gulped. Any minute now....
I would like to thank everyone who took the time to enter our challenge last week was lovely seeing all your wonderful creations and of course a big thank you to our wonderful sponsors for offering some very yummy prizes so... .who won!!!!!
Gregg at Gospel-Driven Disciples is someone who provides some intensely thoughtful Bible study, but also knows how to have a good time when he lightens the mood on his blog. Gregg has been another long-time friend to me.
'Hidden' demonstrates natural talent and sensibility, but there's something more at work. While those outside the bubble will try to pinpoint or uncover the band's appeal and what makes them tick, somewhere between the many layers of sounds and rhythm, between the audience and the players, lies a connection that can't really be explained. Jungle By Night know better than to shine too bright a light on it.
“How could you miss him!” I demanded. “He was right there!”
It was just after Tom began to have his confidence about his love for Marge who used to be a lover of Phillip, and murmured, " Plein soleil", looking up at the sky.
So make sure to thank people while hugging them and they will probably give you a dazed stare.
Odd, such utter restfulness awakes
Burger King
▼ 2010 (9)
21Then the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh said in answer to the heads of the families of Israel,
For now, I do not have a home that looks perfect. But my kids are happy. We have a lot of fun. And those are the most important things.
Ooooh..I wonder where that month went? Another one down the pan, zipped by like a nanosecond and now gone forever. When I look back in a few weeks, that month will be a vague mish-mash of memories only a few of which will be readily retrievable: a lovely sunny afternoon in our recently reclaimed garden with family and friends enjoying the returning Spring. A trip to Majorca with Youngest, Mrs Youngest and Littlest
She takes off a small old pink hair clip from her hair, which maybe Yukiatsu threw away in the woods at that time. Binding her hair again, she starts to study.
After the death of Gaddafi, the former Libyan leader, rebel fighters began “an immediate hunt” for his former loyalists. African migrants in particular have been targeted on suspicion of being Gaddafi mercenaries.
STIR IT INTO A BALL AND REMOVE FROM HEAT
Last weekend Avery and I did get to go see Alice in Wonderland and it was fantastic. The 3-D made it so much fun. It was whimsical and oh so cute! I would enjoy seeing it again. Sunday night we went to another Christian concert, as Mark had won tickets. We saw Toby Mac and Brandon Heath. It was a great concert and I drove back to Atlanta Monday morning. All I feel like doing is sleeping for a while. I know that sounds so non-productive, but I am being very honest with you folks. I'm tired and I'm of the school that says, "Sleep is good for you" I have had friends and relatives that think it's horrible to nap and that you should jump up early in the morning even if there's nothing pressing. I function better with sleep.
JANET MCTEER (TUMBLEWEEDS)
Wow! I thought that the justice system was intended to serve justness. What a fatally flawed idea of mine!
After all this time together I still feel so lucky to have found Mr. Schroeder. We totally balance each other. He is the realist and I am the dreamer. He is the responsible party & I am the risk taker. He is the protector and I am the protected.
But my affinity for organic and ecologically sensitive products; my penchant for thrift stores and dislike of makeup, aren't really what she meant.
- he is saying 'bye bye' 'no' 'momma' 'uh-oh' 'ball'
When Tomorrow Hits
Though Namecheap doesn’t know where the transfers originated , they ended the day with 27,200 transfers, giving them more than 77,000 inbound transfers since they announced their anti-SOPA stance on Dec. 22, a company spokeswoman Tamar Weinberg said in an email.
In 2010, there were 153 new posts, not bad for the first year! There were 965 pictures uploaded, taking up a total of 181mb. That’s about 3 pictures per day.
Lord Millner published his report in February 1921, in which he recommended the end of the Egyptian Protectorate. A year later, on 22nd February 1922, the British Government issued a unilateral declaration of Egyptian independence; although they would continue to protect their interests with regard to the Suez Canal. On 15th March, Fouad proclaimed himself King of Egypt and Sudan, Sovereign of Nubia, Kordofan, and Darfur.
The motherlode of awesomeness....a rare find!!
Bières de garde (or beers to keep) are France's unique contribution to beer culture. Labelled as such (at least according to Ratebeer) was also Hommelpap by the microbrewery Ferme Beck in Northern France.
The afterward tasks can be completed in any order, and are not affiliated to any authentic trainer agenda colour. You accretion one brilliant for commutual any abandoned task, up to a accumulative complete of 5 stars for commutual all of the afterward tasks:- Exhausted the Elite Four.
But then: DISGRACE.
Speaking of ridiculous comedies...ah, how I love Monty. This may be the most quotable movie of all time. What's your favorite color? Blue - no, wait! Yellow! No - AAAGH! Or how about the whole "She's a witch, burn her!" or my personal favorite, "She turned me into a newt!" *silence* "I got better..."
After a while though, my thinking head kicked in. Firstly I did not know for sure that he was doing anything. Secondly the woman he was dating would surely be responsible for her daughters?And the photographs?Well they were all taken under the watchful eyes of the parents. Yes they were treading a border but then that only started me thinking about borders.
Staff member: What show was this on?
9 Do you eat to escape from your feelings?
Ducatti Challenge
Are introduced in rhyme.
The cupcakes are okay. I found them to be bland in taste. That’s great if you’re baking them for the kids, especially for our little picky eaters. For adults, they need an extra zip of spice.
We are planning to move in together after the holidays and planning a vacation for the spring... I can't wait because there is no other guy I've been with that has made me feel so wonderful. I'm at my place and he's at his right now...I miss him tonight but I know tomorrow when I fall asleep next to him he'll hold me a lil bit tighter because he missed me too. Can't wait...
What can I do, do, do, do
My blogging absence has been purposeful. In trying to keep above the toxic rancor it seemed better to be silent than to add to the cacophony. However, there have been several occurrences that have convinced me that silence is the wrong option, and that now more than ever is the time to voice concerns and thoughts.
Seriously, wow!
Hey, you. Yes, you. The guy over there, whining about the fact that some military members and Secret Service agents went whoring in Cartagena. (source) Come over here.
running and jumping and doing her silly-little excited dog shake.
Since I moved to Hong Kong last year and started blogging about living in this crazy and hectic city (see some posts here and here), I have been inundated with emails from bloggers and readers of blogs, looking for a fashion insiders guide to Hong Kong. I absolutely love getting emails from you all and even more I love helping you tailor your trip, so I thought it was high time I wrote a guide to Hong Kong from a bloggers perspective. I know how much I sometimes struggle to find the perfect To Do list when visiting a new city. So here’s mine! Everyone’s taste is different, but I hope this will help you when you come to the city. If you want any more specific information feel free to email me.
Buckwheat
Makino “fixes” Domyouji? Is that what happens?
I'm thinking white sashing but not sure what colour for the cornerstones - according to the colourwheel, the triad would include purple, but there's no other purple anywhere in the fabrics, then maybe I could use brown (there's brown birdies and owls) but it's a bit 'meh'......decisions, decisions..................
This is one of the most exciting of The New Testament. Paul writes that “if the Spirit of him who raised Jesus from the dead is living in you, he who raised Christ from the dead will also give life to your mortal bodies through his Spirit, who lives in you.” (Romans 8:11)
You can also encourage greater creativity in yourself by putting productive ideas into exercise. If you paint or indite, for model, try anything new. Plane upright swing a distinct itinerary to line to see if it is quicker can refrain. The direction is to get you deal employed part of its fixture patterns.
Caution: Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? God forbid! How shall we who have died to sin live any longer in it? (Romans 6:1-2)
Dorsey was on the road working with our distributor in Biloxi for the Top of the Hops festival coming up on the 28th of February. Byron was draping theneck hangers on bottles of our Courir de Mardi Gras beer. These hangers allow for the free download of two songs from the Valcour website. Cory had been working away on some new packaging changes for some of our core brands, plus starting work on the next – way too cool, and top-secret seasonal.
The nice people at Sesame Street Live gave me tickets to see Elmo's Healthy Heroes with 3-year-old Sarina... ironically, I got sick just before the show. Sarina-- the little person who got me sick, mind you-- was feeling better, though, so my parents took her to see it at Nassau Coliseum in Uniondale, NY.
Pramod belonged to the ‘cool’ group that included John Zacharia and Biswajeet. Every student in the class wanted to be a part of this group, but only the lucky ones got in!
Human trafficking is big business! It’s the third largest revenue generator from an illegal source, after drugs and guns and hidden operations have been found in every continent and the most surprising locations. Methods boil down to old fashioned organised crime, corruption, psychological and mental intimidation.
Although not quite as big as these:
Rating: PG-13 For violence and terror, some sexual material, brief language and drug references
Ummm...I just left one small detail out of my magnificent plan.....the gate keys. Yep...I'm responsible for the lives of my children and my dog and I left the gate keys in the house. So, we just prayed and stood outside and watched the houses rock back and forth until it stopped. Praise the Lord we didn't need to go all the way out into the street. The maid next door was outside also and she was terrified. Poor thing:(
Format: MPEG Video
I know the Scriptures, or at least I thought I did, but she really ignited a hunger for them fresh & new, and made me realize that the blessings are really only promised to the "doers" of the Word, not just the "hearers". It's not enough to know and believe in the Bible verses, it has to be applied knowledge. You may think this sounds obvious, but you'd be surprised how many of us have acted as if believing that the Word was true, was our only responsibility, and that God was going to swoop down and take care of the rest! The truth is, Jesus already came down...and He did all He was going to do...on the cross! Did He not say "It is finished"? Now, it's up to us to take hold of all the promises and provisions that were made on the cross. All we have to do is line up in agreement with the Word of God on any particular issue, and it's an already done deal.
Anyway, he's now putting that comedy moustache to good use and joining it up with a little goatee he's growing as he and Chris Evans and I dare say a whole host of other people launch into Decembeard to raise money for bowel cancer charities.
In-app purchases are basically the downloadable content (DLC) of the mobile world, and they’re a polarizing subject to be sure. Essentially operating on a “freemium” model, most games with in-app purchases are free, but require small payments to add new levels or get otherwise unobtainable items. Many games allow you to advance at an accelerated pace with purchases, such as exchanging small amounts of real money for in-game currency. Some of the most popular games on Android, iOS and Facebook operate in this manner and are extremely profitable. A good example from Gameloft’s stable is The Oregon Trail: Settler, now #36 in the list of the most popular free games on the Google Play Store.
Or, at least, you wouldn’t be able to were it not for the fact that the music video was increasingly in ascendence. In the US MTV would launch in eight months, but of course, the idea of MTV is only possible when its underlying concept is familiar. In the UK the concept existed within Top of the Pops, a program that requires explanation and description in a couple of ways. First of all, its nature. That’s simple enough. It showed quasi-live performances - a combination of live performance and backing tracks - of popular music.
It begins with the sinus pain brought on by seasonal allergies. Today they were so bad that my teeth hurt from the pressure and I had to just lie down and close out the world. Children don't like to be closed out, though. There were nerf gun fights and Munchkin's ear piercing screams when she got shot in the eye by a nerf dart. Seriously, how do 10 year old girls even make that high pitched of a noise? There were children searching in vain for kittens that didn't want to be found and fighting over them once they were found. But eventually, some twist of fate smiled upon me (it's name was Claritin) and the pressure subsided allowing me to rise from the darkness and attempt to take on parenting again.
Finding the Right Watch For a Child
So, I recognize that a number of you, especially Dusty if he is reading this, are questioning my manhood. While that's not something that I'm really concerned about, I would like to present my logic in deciding to wear these for those who can't seem to wrap their heads around it:
Be Well.
As Smart and 99 get closer to unraveling KAOS' master plan--and each other--they discover that key KAOS operative Siegfried (Terence Stamp) and his sidekick, Shtarker (Ken Davitian), are scheming to cash in with their network of terror. With no field experience and little time, Smart--armed with nothing but a few spy-tech gadgets and his unbridled enthusiasm--must defeat KAOS if he is to save the day.
The spate of Gang related teen aged murders on our streets are not “White boys stabbing white boys” as the dishonest, and thankfully now unemployed, Ken Livingstone tried to claim it is black boys stabbing black boys, Asians stabbing Asians and sometimes either group stabbing white boys if they get in the way.
Eventually, drained of memories, my old lady rose and shuffled towards the exit, giving me that special Venetian upside-down wave by which the hand becomes a castanet. I waved her goodbye.
100) I like shiny glass things. When I was 1, my mother tells me I bit into a glass ball ornament for our Christmas tree, even though I knew better. They rushed me to the hospital and I was just fine.
I found school really difficult and I’m sure being dyslexic did have a small part in that.
This is a chicken dish that my kids love because its sweet and sticky and the gravy goes really well on rice or mashed potatoes. It also takes minutes to prepare.
So I am very thankful for my beads. And for my husband who understands why I stay up all night working and playing with my beads!
In the meantime, I’ll be busy as usual, and wishing it was the weekend…..3 days!
From the perspective of the order of man, we understand our blessings to be based upon how good we are, to be based upon what we have bargained or earned. From the perspective of the order of God, we understand our blessings to be based upon how good God is, based upon nothing we have bargained or earned.
She dropped out of university only after a year and ended up getting a dead end job. But it didn’t matter because she met a guy with an awesome job. The two became an item and eventually moved in together. She never felt like the love was there but it was convenient. He was a nice guy and he treated her well. I suppose that’s all that should matter in this day and age. There doesn’t seem to be enough time for love.
But after a while, you get a feel for which characters are possible suspects. And generally, the less obtrusive the character, the more probable that they've done something heinous. That's why I think Trevor's comment, about anyone who says they worked out who the killer was is either a good guesser or a complete liar, is not fair - you just had to watch a few Poirot stories and put two and two together to work that out if you wanted to.
a happy-go-lucky disposition, indolence, shiftlessness, laziness, indifference, lack of mental stamina and ambition, and strong criminal tendencies.
Truth is, this is how it usually happens, and it happens for more reasons than people quitting. A quote from the story:
So I thought that maybe we could continue with what we were doing. But it was taking it's toll on me and I was neglecting Little E, because I had to spend extra time every day with Miss K. Then she starting slipping again and we were headed downhill. It wasn't surprising, since we'd been there before.
Even now, I have to shake it off on occasion when it sneaks up on me and attempts to take me over again.
The next several days were very touch and go. It took a plethora of tests to figure out what was wrong with him. He had been striped of so many capabilities and he was in severe pain. He couldn't even speak our names. The doctor told us, "If he makes it through the next few days, he will have very limited speech, as well as, fine motor skills."" WHAT???," I'm thinking. "Why would God tell me he needed to draw a cross if it's never going to happen?" It saddened me to realize that this piece of legacy would not come to fruition. Oh ye of little faith...
X out shine control
I was devastated because of the base cruelty of what I saw, but I was inspired by the courage of children and the realization of how much power children have.
On their last leg. So what am we to do?
Umno, MCA and MIC* = Initially the three major ruling parties represent ethnic Malay, Chinese and Indian respectively, forming Barisan National with other parties. Now Barisan National is the major political coalition in Malaysia.
The website has the printables available - all I did was save them on a flash drive and take it to Office Max to have them color printed, then laminated. Once I got home I cut the individual cards apart, punched a hole in the corner, and hooked them together with a book ring. Easy and cheap!
Two hours after the administration of the epidural (for which I could have kissed the doctor)the doctor came in and checked me. He said "Okay we are ready to push. This could take a while so slow and steady wins the race." I pushed, and the doctor put the nurse in charge while he ran across the hall to deliver another baby. With the next push the nurse asked me to STOP! She called for help and literally held the baby in until the doctor came running back into the room. He literally caught the baby as he ran in and he came out and handed him to the nurse. It was like something from a movie.
.MY CONSULTATION.
And it is beautiful.
“Dysen. I’m from Alliance Corps.”
to ram the prow
In short, we subsidize the wasting of energy by making energy prices artificially cheap compared to true costs.
First person narratives therefore can be ‘unreliable’ (a potential plot device) and can also be a powerful tool for getting a person to sympathise with your main character. Reaction is the key.
A computerized system for distributing spending vehicles comprising:
2. She can take pictures with her boobs via an implanted camera. She also uses them as weapons, in slow motion, no doubt.
Jonah understands and rushes Phat in anger, getting a rifle butt to the head. Mei Ling is led away to Peking.
Several Sundays ago, (on Palm Sunday to be exact), I decided to take a few pictures of the “new me.” Well maybe not the new me, but the lessened me. I realized I hadn’t taken any full body pictures of myself for awhile, so that Sunday, I decided to set up the camera and take a few.
What a sea so blue.
Of course, the name Making All Things New really has to do with my faith. My faith and I are really inseparable and I want others to know a little of the reasoning behind that. So, here's the new description of my shop and explanation of my name as found in my Etsy profile:
For those with short memories, you will remember that for the sake of a few million pounds, Col. Ghaddaffi’s favourite son, Saif Islam, was introduced as an honoured guest by one Professor David Held, handed a ghost-written Ph D. on the Role of Civil Society in the Democratisation of Governance Institutions.
There are, of course, zillions of other cocktails that are perfectly suited to making at home - the naffly named but delicious Flirtini for one, and the mis-named but easy-drinking French Martini for another. The cocktail I most often claim I want to drink is a Hemlocktini - invented by the lovely Waffle and I as an elegant solution to extreme situations - but since a martini glass rinsed with hemlock and filled with iced vodka would be as toxic as it sounds, it's just as well the Hemlocktini exists only as a metaphor.
Oh keep us like little children who do not know, but expect to know
And to be honest. My hovering skills are getting better. As long as I remember to keep my control inputs small, smooth, and relatively slow, I can hover inside a 15ft circle and within 3 to 5 ft. of the ground. Then we went out and looked at power/collective settings for 60 kt cruise, 80 kt cruise, and climbs and descents at both air speeds as well. Then did an approach back to the airport to a spot landing, then he hovered over to the trailer and end of lesson. I still think he's suicidal and I'm pretty sure now that I can take the helicopter with me when I crash, rather than somehow killing myself as I walk up to the machine.
So I wanted to send Santa to visit with lovely Christmas presents to help celebrate the holidays.
(Great projects are wonderful, but they need positive reinforcement from a whole COMMUNITY of people.)
I was a nervous wreck. With every passing minute, I found myself becoming more and more uneasy. Nurses were coming in and out of the waiting room calling names, and my heart would race each time. Around 9:15, I heard my name being called, and I swear all the color drained from my face. I was able to take one family member back with me in Pre-Op, so Kevin was my man :)
Sung while we sleep through infinity.
The 16 beers in the running to win the competition are:
This was the prayer that I wrote as I prepared to leave Palos Heights, Illinois in January to live for four months in Montego Bay, Jamaica. It was based on two Psalms, 1 and 27.
And I have no problem with the cheesiness of this film. It can be cheddar for all I care, this movie appeals to the child’s audience and the child in all of us. And my inner child tells me I loved slapstick back in the day. This movie delivers it well, just like Home Alone. And apparently this did well in the box office… And in Southeast Asia… Weird.
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead,
I love my car.
I'm working on a magazine article about the balance of work/owning a business and it made me think that it would be good to share a little advice about that here. As most of you know, my husband and I have two kids and our third kid is my business (my husband also happens to have his own successful gig). I get a lot of emails from moms about how to balance work and family, especially if moms are starting their business out of their own home. I wanted a work studio next to my home because it's important for me to be close to my kids during the day. However, because my kids know well how to pop in and out of my work space, it can sometimes be a struggle. For moms out there who are contemplating or doing it, you already know what I'm talking about.
It's not hard to imagine the Dukes of Stratosphear as a genuine 1960s psychedelic supergroup -- they could have been the band that inspired the Beatles, Hollies, Yardbirds, Pink Floyd, and many others.
At CCB we do not pay any monies to the Diocese. Never have. But then, neither do we receive any. We don’t cost the Diocese anything. We are, what you might call, a bargain! I think that’s true for all the Co-Mission churches south of the river. This is a position I’m happy with. I’m convinced that we need to be good stewards of the money that people have given us for the purposes of gospel ministry. Using it to fund heretical churches doesn’t come under that remit. And that seems to be unavoidable in a centralised Diocesan structure. Of course, churches like ours must still be generous and therefore support other ministries. We mustn’t be self serving. And that’s why we’ll give money away to mission partners who share the same gospel and the same gospel priorities. That’s why we’ll help support gospel minsitries in socially deprived places that are unlikely to be able to pay their own way. But that’s impossible to do in a theologically compromised Diocese with centralised decision making. Better (financially) ou
In the first story, Lesley Stahl interviews Jose Rodriguez, related to his book "Hard Measures." Rodriguez noted: the dark side, that's what we do.
Don't you think so, Suzie?
It was cold again today so back to winter woollie tights.
OK....thanks to everyone for their beautiful messages after my Vlog.....it really meant the world that you took the time to comment. I really put myself out there....but that is just me.
How is your meal planning going? Have you had to adjust your menu to fit your life better now that we have been doing this a few weeks? Are you accomplishing the goal of being intentional about using what you raised & preserved from your garden? I am beginning to see empty space in my freezer and pantry. It makes me happy to know that my energy/time last summer & fall are being put to good use and feeding my family. :D
“The Wandering Hebrews with their similarity in customs to stationary Brahmins, from whom they were descended, may have travelled east through Sumer to Jerusalem. The Hebrews remember coming from the east (though this was later changed in the bible to mean the west. (see link page 82))” (See : Sumeru)
Hackett was a bit of a stylistic anomaly. He is most often compared to Bix Beiderbecke, but his idol was Louis Armstrong. His specialty was Chicago-style jazz, but he was from Rhode Island. He played one of the most famous brass solos in jazz history, on "A String of Pearls" by the Glenn Miller band, but he usually played guitar in that band. And he was soloist on a long series of mood-music recordings led by a comedian, Jackie Gleason.
Today I am thankful for the innocence of childhood. Yesterday we saw a play based on a children's picture book. My 10-year old, fifth grade daughter smiled from ear to ear the whole time. She was excited when the beach balls came out and bounced around in the audience and she eagerly participated in the activities that included the audience. She thoroughly enjoyed it and shared in the excitement of her younger sister.
Why does the way of the wicked prosper?
Bigfoot Lodge, Oldfields Liquor Room and Bigfoot West). Like those
E got a sampler entree and I got the chicken enchiladas. Again the portions were huge. And again the food was massively tasty. I didn't really love the taco that was part of E's dinner because the shell had been fried and the grease from the beef filling had made the taco a bit soggy. I tend to enjoy steamed corn tortillas for my tacos so it's more of a personal preference than anything else. But I really enjoyed my chicken enchiladas. I got them in a red sauce that was very flavorful as were the refried beans and rice that came with our dishes. We were both very satisfied. As witnessed here
I realized today we both need to be nicer to each other. I think we got caught up in the BS and fell into a slump. If I’m going to insist you are nicer to me, then I must make a point to be nicer to you also.
They work back up to their feet, and now McCottrell has Darren up against the cage.
First...
I know that I have the only surviving copy of that time.
another roadblock in our way
i find the big world of garment sewing downright intimidating. you see, as i’ve said previously, when it comes to sewing, i’m great at following instructions, but not so great at ad-libbing. i really admire folks who can alter a pattern to fit their figure and style, and i seriously envy those who can forego the guidance of patterns altogether and make their own. respect, mad-sewists! if a lack of experience is at the root of my sewing inferiority complex, the solution must be to broaden my sewing horizons, no?
But back to crafting, Today Creative Card Crew is sponsored by the amazing, fantastic, and great Simon Says Stamp. This means there is a $20 Gift Certificate up for grabs for the winning card!
YAY!!
Welcome to the future. Humanity has colonized the solar system - Mars, the Moon, the Asteroid Belt and beyond - but the stars are still out of our reach.
Food is personal. It is entangled with our culture, childhood, and our memories happy and sad. In a world that can feel big and scary food can be a comfort. We eat foods in hopes of preventing terrible diseases and we avoid foods because we believe they will cause us harm. For some people food is the focus of their Fanaticism. Food is also social, it brings people together and is shared at celebrations and holidays of all types. For people who live with life threatening allergies or diseases like Celiac Disease, living a safe and healthy life among the other food eaters can be challenging and even dangerous.
Patrick Swayze (Point Break)
The loss of control over Christianity and the prospect of large changes in Christianity frightens some White Western Christians. Used to their cultural expression of the Gospel being privileged above all others they are quick to accuse and label others expressions as poor misunderstandings of the Gospel, misreadings of the Bible or even heresy. In the Fuller discussion, Tony Jones very transparently admitted that this was his own reaction in regard to the rise of Pentecostal Christianity in the Global South. However, even many White Western Christians are beginning to recognize this cultural hegemony, the problems with it and the need for change.
But ten more pages passed and it still wasn’t crumbling. Ten MORE pages passed, and it actually *started getting better.* And then the midpoint came and I realized, Holy Shit, this is the real deal.
Whatever we are experiencing in the present moment is both the fruition of our previous karma and the planting of seeds for future karma. The circumstances we encounter are our karma, are the expression of our consciousness, are the seeds of our future. We are in a great hologram of karma, and our lives reflect the intersection of our family or genealogical karma, the collective karma of our culture and, in many cases, a particular set of karmas that is expressed through the teachers and communities we encounter on the spiritual journey.
After measuring the space, I went to HD to get some wood cut.
I liked how before each toothy spider woman attack, this black ball would bounce menacingly into the area where the slaughtering was about to commence. This lets the victim know that the chances of them being knifed and/or asphyxiated during the next five to ten seconds are quite high.
4. Leverage weaknesses.
Row 5) p3,k3,p3 accross
It is noteworthy that as long as Assange did not touch the banks, he was tolerated by the system. The leaks of U.S. embassy cables damaged the reputation of many countries and their heads but Assange was still able to do his work. When he was about to leak some secret documents of a bank (reportedly it was Bank of America), all hell broke loose.
It is no surprise that the 2011-2012 proposed budget was passed 6:1, Commissioner Adams being the dissenting vote. Nor is it surprising that throughout the budget deliberation process questions were asked that were answered without clarity or that simply went unanswered.
* 2 eggs
Extroverted Feeling supports social forms that ease social tension and maintain communal bonds while Extroverted Thinking attends to those that are well-suited to the demands of the environment upon the community.
"I consider my blog to be within the context of a movement," said Susana. "Whether I make posts, I'm always thinking at the back of my head how could this be used to further a movement, and focus on radical women of color It's more of the idea of transferring that discussion that academics get to have into a real-world setting."
This is the time of year when my houseplants reign supreme. Deprived of outdoor gardening, I focus my considerable nurturing energies on the plants that live inside, with me. I spritz them with tepid water once a day; I whisk away the least dry leaf before it can fall to the floor; and I have to hold myself back from over watering and over fertilizing.
Karlas001 is giving away 2 $25.00 gift certificates!
Olay Natural White SPF 24 (4)
I went and got myself a
2006: Richard & Judy Christmas Party selection
Iron your bandana with the ribbon on the other side to fuse the bandana to the ribbon.
Most of the flowers/produce/plants you buy have been raised for the "popularity of the Masses."
To top it off, I can’t get over how cute my little man is. He is a master manipulator and knows how to play us. Thanks to his father for that.
At the end of the third week my legs were shot and I had to drive to work for a few days to let them recover. So much for fitness, mission definitely not accomplished. I was going to have to learn to pedal all over again. Properly.
Markets have reacted by a move to the safety of gold – the only true cash position – and away from the risks of most currencies, stocks and commodities. Major currencies are at all-time lows. Commodities, while down hard, are generally still higher than they were at the bottom of the 2008 credit crisis. Major stock indices, however, are lower than they were at the bottom of the last crisis.
We aren’t upset to be out the $12. We can replace the pumpkins, despite their perfection. But when I saw our bare front step, I was ready to rip someone’s head off, rampage in my wounded mama-bear armour, and find the punks that took them to give them what for. Not because I wanted the pumpkins, but because they were for my son. I was angry for my son. I’ve never felt that way before. I don’t think it would have mattered what it was that was gone, just the fact that they were taken from him.
Features full artwork with added Julian Cope autographs.
7.GOVERNMENT ISSUE "Snubbing"
Over the years I've learned to totally lighten up on the apparel when traveling.
You’ve just taken a shot that needs to be sent out to press now to beat your competitors to the punch or you need to get artwork approved quickly and the details in the work must be seen by the Art Director. Here is a great way to solve the problem. A tool every creative should consider.
And fight in the way of Allah those who fight you… (V.2:I9O).
However, conferences have also been a great place for me to meet other agents and editors. Of course, since I’m in NYC and meet editors regularly, I can limit my travel for this, but still, I often meet new industry people at conferences.
Sweetened whipped cream
KRUGERSDORP: CCTV cameras catch brutal attack on young white pedestrian by black policemen.
Yes, I've wondered about it so much, which is why I really wanted to do this series. It's so wonderful to hear from other moms and realize that we're all in the same boat, even though our circumstances might be different. I only wish I'd had time to feature many more parents (single moms, moms working in offices, stay-at-home moms, dads, etc.); but like I mentioned last week, this time, I wanted to feature moms who are in similar work situations, so we could see how they've each created very different schedules that work for their families.
The hospital service, the lint, bandages and medicines,
Humans and androids crowd the raucous streets of New Beijing. A deadly plague ravages the population. From space, a ruthless lunar people watch, waiting to make their move. No one knows that Earth’s fate hinges on one girl. . . . Cinder, a gifted mechanic, is a cyborg. She’s a second-class citizen with a mysterious past, reviled by her stepmother and blamed for her stepsister’s illness. But when her life becomes intertwined with the handsome Prince Kai’s, she suddenly finds herself at the center of an intergalactic struggle, and a forbidden attraction. Caught between duty and freedom, loyalty and betrayal, she must uncover secrets about her past in order to protect her world’s future.
The information she quotes from is factual. GSUSA did perform a study several years ago about the benefits of an all girl organization. Their findings are every bit as true for a transgirl as they are for any other. Perhaps, even more true. Being around other girls as she attempts to form her own identity as a girl can only be beneficial for that 7-year-old. Her fellow scouts will benefit as well.
Mr Poole said it was disappointing that NZ was now echoing Australia’s divisive political debate over refugee boats. ”There’s no danger of either of us being swamped,” he said.
It was something for them to save
I will tell you all that scheduling the studio time proved to be a problem. I was able to work alone the first time and I thought I could do it the second time. I went to the studio as some of my classmates were leaving, and they told me emphatically that I would absolutely NOT be able to work alone. Two of them helped me set up and one of them stayed with me and assisted me in adjusting the lights throughout the shoot. I can't tell you how grateful I am to him for being such a gentleman and sticking around to help me. I really could NOT have done it without him. One other person I have to give credit to is my beautiful daughter who was my model. It was a long process and she was tired and hungry and only lost patience once I was already done with the shoot. For Isabella that is quite an accomplishment. The project was to do one low key portrait and one high key portrait. For those of you who don't know, "low key" means primarily dark tones and "high key" means primarily light tones. So without further ado here are the two portraits
For as long as I have pulled my hair, I have tried to stop. It's benign, but there's nothing attractive about a self-inflicted, benign bald spot behind your left ear.
I decided to do a new thing with the blue list too just to share my fun finds every week - check it out below! :)
Confine your criticism to a specific act. General criticism demoralizes people. It’s important not to make unrealistic demands. Suggest small steps and ways to improve. A good way to offer criticism to a miser would be, “Maybe this year you can give one percent more.” Increase the amounts little by little and soon the miser will turn into a generous donor. It is forbidden to shame someone in public. However if by remaining silent you will condone unethical behavior, you may speak out. In fact the gemara in Avodah Zarah says that if you don’t rebuke a sinner, you bear responsibility for the sin as well. If someone is speaking lashon hara and circumstances make it difficult to stop him, try to change the subject. If that fails, get up and leave.
38. The Extraordinary Secrets of April, May, & June Robin Benway
Beer: Adnams ‘The Bitter’ Cask 3.7%
The boys' appetites have grown this summer, so I was delighted to find an array of loose buns at the grocery store. These have simplified the kids lunch making. They are cheaper than baguette, do not need pre-ordering, and are pre-cut by Scott, making it easier for the boys to prepare them. Best of all, the serving size satisfies Max's appetite perfectly.
As for the inconveniences that a person may experience on the way to… or on the way from where ever, I can only hope that this story has provided some perspective. I finish with an image that perhaps the ripple effect of each our actions reaches further than we could ever imagine, and that maybe our collective actions will effect a positive change. And the hope that one day the women in Guatemala may enjoy peace as well.
However, now - I hope to god – I won’t continue the pattern because:
10 techniques
Ok, let's get stuck into it. Again I'm not going to use abbreviations to make it easier for all of you!
I speak of the Hasbro floor game, Twister. You know something is big when an editorial cartoonist can use it in a drawing and know people will catch the reference.
Then it was a supply now we have to see it as SOLD to us and not it is once was simply supplied to us.
All those of you visitors of my blog who have not bought the book yet, please be informed that amazon has now even more special offers available online. It’s always worth a browse.
A.D. 1189, not coincidentally, is the same date as the year Richard the Lionheart (a.k.a. King Richard I) ascended to the throne of England and launched the Third Crusade. Crusaders rallied at Nottingham Castle, a stronghold of the King, before traveling to Jerusalem. It is believed that these Crusaders stopped at the inn. “Given that in the Middle Ages, a ‘Trip’ was not a journey as such but rather a resting place where such a journey could be broken, it is understandable how the Inn came to be called ‘Ye Olde Trip To Jerusalem’.”
We caught wind of the report yesterday but didn’t have all the details. Carol Lundberg contacted Hathaway’s office but was told the justice was in Marshall for arguments. No one from the office returned the message.
Often, I will peruse forgotten entries revealing areas I’ve grown in or overcame granting me confidence for the next time I reach that impassable problem that is about to swallow me whole and … (I’d better stop there.) Some reflection is good…but assessing my state-of-mind before proceeding is essential. Reflecting when the glass is half-empty results in an over-evaluation of short comings leaving me feeling like I never arrive. “Never arrive?” Now, that’s a funny statement. The question that the moment begs is “arrive at what?” Even though the goal of self-betterment is a life-long journey, it has a funny way of laying out the expectation that I’m consistently moving toward a permanently better state than the less-than worth place I started. However, my experience is that growth does not always guarantee permanent change. Some, yes. All, no. Over the years I’ve aspired to improving many areas of my life. I can’t begin to count the number of goals set to arrive at permanent change only to end in discouragement
Write out the moral of your recent reading or discuss it with your reading partners. Explain why you think your moral is a good lesson that can be learned from the events of the story.
Uttarā said:
Those of you on my Facebook page, where I shared a sneak peak that I was cleaning my water kettle for a post, did you ever think it would be about this?!
Enjoy the payasam!!
Have I told you lately, how much I LOVE my Perfect Layers tools??? I use them on any card that has mats. I know a lot of you think it's just easier to use your ruler to measure the size you want and then use your paper trimmer to cut to that size... but I find that no matter how much I love my paper trimmer, it's never exact for the smaller measurements.... and then there is the whole thing about trying to put the top layer on the next layer and making sure everything is straight.
It doesn’t really matter what the situation is, a choice has to be made and choices have consequences. Do you always make good choices? No, so why should your character? Do you ever do something out of character? Yes? So why can’t your character? When I started writing the female protagonist in my book – she’s called Jennifer by the way, Jen to everyone bar her dad – I stuck her in situations and got her to do things: go here, pick up that, put it down. I treated her a bit like a character out of The Sims. She didn’t have much of a personality. I’m not saying she had no personality just not a well-developed one.
That is a composition I suspect I will revisit. Maybe not in the immediate future but indeed it will happen. I love the composition so much and think it would be a beautiful painting. If I'm really careful, maybe I can improve in the process.
Jean shopping. IN FRANCE.
Dinner: Stroganoff, egg noodles, steamed green beans, fresh fruit
There are several version of the "Jelly Bean Prayer" floating around out there but our kids have learned the colors of the wordless book and I wanted the jelly beans in our lesson to match closer to that. The result is the poem "Easter Jelly Beans"
Heaven from Hell
*Samuel Smith Selection Gift Set
Supporting Material for My Statement
With president Barack Obama in a dead heat with the GOP hopeful, the influential Israeli daily Ha’aretz has buzzed up Romney’s claim that Iran will get nuclear weapons if Obama is re-elected. Dilma continues to support Iran’s development of what Brasilia characterizes as a peaceful nuclear program.
THIS IS NOT A GLOBAL ECONOMIC COLLAPSE
That said, I got a book into production that had the same title (same genre, slightly similar plots) as another book at a much, much larger company. We had both announced our deals in PW, and just missed each other through neglect. At the last minute, the big house called me and tried to bully me into changing my title--but we were already close to press, and so we won (they had to change). There is no moral to this story, really; it only proves that it could come about that no one ever notices your title match.
My daughter fell in love with her Ballerina Sue Thumbuddy from the moment it arrive. She carried it around with her and even took it to school for share day. We read the book numerous times and we are to the point where she knows the book by memory so now she "reads" it to us. Because she is a habitual thumb sucker and sucks practically non stop all day every day, I knew this would not be an easy habit to break and not something that would happen overnight but we were prepared for the long haul. While she loved her ballerina sue, she was hesitant to put it on and keep it on her thumb but she was connecting with her and knew what she was for. To aid in the process, we have started using one of the suggested tips, provided to us with our Thumbuddy kit, and added a band aid to her thumb. The combination of Ballerina Sue Thumbuddy and a band aid appear to be our perfect combination. We have been working with the Thumbuddy for a couple weeks and while she has not broken her habit yet we have seen some improvement and I am looking forward
(1) Aristotle, Nicomachean Ethics
Where is your dream destination ?
Factual errors aside, Bob Dylan's 1963 protest song "The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll" brutally illustrated the fatal violence that can be visited on poor African-Americans with scant penalty for the guilty.
It’s so cool to see my idea turn into something real!
The Amtrak came at 6:50 a.m., and then it was a little over an hour to Union Station. The Amtrak is really nice — quiet, and calming. And this morning, I was so tired, and it was so cold and dreary, that the chug chug chug of the train just lulled me to sleep (I could get used to that). From Union Station, it was a short 15-minute walk to the office and boy, did it ever wake me up. I didn't wear a coat or have gloves or a scarf, and it was brisk out!
5 Bodyline - now this is a new one to my list and i dont know how my stuff is because i accidentally got it sent to my
“Hey Cousin! Hey my friend Arjun! Hey Kuru’s-son!”
'Is this your thimble?' the Lord asked.
Many congratulations to Egypt you have made the entire arab world proud, i hope for change and a better future for us All the khaleej seems to be undergoing changes as arabs across the region demand freedom. Small steps big changes, and may peace and order return to Masr.
On every party wall and FB group possible the race talk has flared up….even the Pantomime getting cussed. Yesterday a man tell me go and find ah wuk…because clearly anybody who writing a daily blog that criticises our government is lazy and shiftless.
If you have the phone receptionist “transfer” the call to that particular department, what happens when everyone is busy and they can’t take the customers call?
Robin memorized her first poem this week and recited it in front of all her friend at our American Girl Club Caterpiller by Christina G. Rosetti. Falcon just started working on memorizing his 4th poem of the school year O Captian! My Captian! Falcon has been working through a new Science book which is time consuming on my part because It does not have an answer key so I need to look up the answers myself as well. Most of it is a good review from biology in college but I still need to look up answers to be sure we are both right.
So after saying publicly on the Twitter that I wasn’t going to be attending any of the back-slappin’, shuckin & jivin’ SF BEER WEEK events, I turned coat & went to the unveiling of ELYSIAN BREWING and GREEN FLASH BREWING’s collaboration saison THE RED QUEEN last week. This took place at City Beer Store in San Francisco on a Wednesday night, and truly, I chose this event more out of convenience than anything else, seeing as how I’ve bagged on Elysian’s beers in the past & was only a fan of the Green Flash half of the partnership. And though I don’t know who’s truly pulling the strings with this beer, let it be said that Elysian is definitely getting a halo effect at a bare minimum from helping to produce this outstanding beer. Allow me to tell you about it.
All three states have a long history of partnership with Eastern Europe. This partnership geopolitically as well as ideologically was rooted in the cases of Libya and Iraq in a common interest to counterbalance Western economic and political advances since at least the 1970s. This was true also for Yugoslavia a decade later. And all three of them were willing to trade on barter or bilateral clearing as well as on hard currency basis. This mixture could be seen best in the Soviet-Iraqi system of trade. Iraqi oil was imported by the Soviet Union in exchange for Soviet weapons, and then Moscow sold this oil to India on hard currency basis in a triangular arrangement. Libya was one of the main importers of Soviet military equipment outside Comecon after 1978, when Tripoli opposed the Camp David accords as a betrayal of long-term Arab aspirations. Estimations rise to 10 % of the Soviet hard currency earnings in early 1980s realised by the trade with Libya. Also this trade could have been a triangular one, although it was never published t
I talked a lot about my pain in my last post. I must say that in the last couple of years, I don't feel it very often. Most of that is in the past. I endured it and have come out the other side. I've had enough days of being crumpled on the floor of my closet, eneveloped in tears, unable to function to last me a lifetime, and I do believe the worst is over. I deserve for the worst to be over.
One of the great beauties of homebrewing is that, once you have mastered some basic skills, you can make whatever kind of beer you want, whenever you want it.
For a phone the iPhone takes incredible pictures, but I think that the canon camera is just amazing.
Day by day.
except death and taxes."
Victory Brewing Company Ten Years Alt
Dad & I had brunch at Insalata's in San Anselmo. It had been too long since I'd been to this place with such inventive and delicious dishes. It was the first time to try their brunch, and although a good time for breakfast dishes, we felt more like having the lunch items.
She answered immediately.
Sadly, today is our last day with Usha. She flies off to a business meeting early tomorrow and we will fend for ourselves for another day and a half before leaving. In her absence, we will likely wander around aimlessly, let unsavory venders take advantage of us, eat poisonous food, contract malaria and possibly get eaten by tigers.
A taxi honks to get by the pedestrians
For only £99 we provide everything you need including lunch and refreshments and only ask that you bring a paper trimmer and your favourite scissors, tweezers, etc.
Serious discussion about the demise of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)—how it might happen, what it would mean, and what repercussions might follow—has for a long time been missing from the discourse on China by both academics and policymakers.
“Thanks. That makes me feel so much better. I’ll get the handbasket ready.” I sighed, realizing I was getting nowhere fast. “I suppose you want to be wearing your sandals in the avatar so you look like you’re wearing Jesus-Christ-water-walkers with your jumpsuit. I mean, why not, right?”
You laugh until you cry,
1 or 2 chipotle chiles en adobo, diced (depending on how hot you want it)
JA: Can you still dance at your age?
It got me thinking, I have crayons and markers in all of my kiddos spaces, organized in adorable matching decor.
peering out the window
With rising operating costs in the 1980s, many David’s Cookies storefronts closed down. The company was purchased by Fairfield Gourmet Foods Corp - a New Jersey based gourmet dessert company who rejuvenated the David’s brand by introducing these high quality cookies and frozen cookie dough into the food service and co-branding industries. Then, in the late 1990s, the company took the next step and made an online cookie store. Today, David’s Cookies is the leading provider of fresh baked cookies on the Internet, and continues to win awards including getting voted one of Good Housekeeping Magazine’s 10 Best Mail-order Goodies for Giving (or Serving), December 2007 for their mini cheesecake selections. The David’s Cookies brand is also growing by leaps and bounds in the corporate gifting industry, with new additions to their cookie gift basket selection, giant message cookies and other great gift ideas."
Anyone who's ever used a dorm cube knows there's not a lot of room in there. Once you add a six-pack and some leftover Chinese takeout, it's full. Also, my cube had no freezer compartment, so at first we wondered what we would do for ice (nothing -- we did without ice) and how we'd manage without a supply of ice cream and those handy frozen insta-meals (somehow we got by). It just took a bit of adjustment. Was it a hassle? Sometimes, but less often than one might think.
So for misanthropes like us, it's pretty much an ideal situation. The newer house is fully stocked with books, music, and creature comforts, including all sorts of unguents and yummy smelling shampoo samples from the owners' many travels. (And you have to love anyone who tells you that you should try to deplete their wine supply while you are there. I made a valiant effort in that department.)
Sign up to receive emails from airlines that fly your preferred routes and get access to special deals. Farecompare.com scans airline data and sends you alerts for your favorite cities, while airfarewatchdog.com has a team of experts hunting for good deals.
I taught Relief Society today and as I looked out at the women I can honestly say I love all of them. I didn't know 1/2 of them but there is a bond between women in the church. We are all striving to live the gospel and improve each day. We aren't perfect and we all have our weaknesses but I don't feel judged or that I'm not good enough for them. They seem to all have the desire to reach out and serve. I truly feel at home here.
9. Writing well is a real skill. Although I believe that many, if not most, people could write reasonably well, very few actually do. Further, I believe that most people think they're good writers because they write every day—grocery lists, e-mails, birthday cards, &c. Literacy is not equal to writing ability. Good writers are rare and should be paid well for their work.
Accessories: Martha Stewart floral border punch, Marvy notched corner punch, Stampin' Up! corner rounder punch, Stampin' Up! Grosgrain ribbon, flowers from prima flowers, Stickles glitter glue in Waterfall and Clear Effects embossing glaze, white liquid pearls, lace from the sewing basket.
To move on.
“Miss Doctor! Any problem?’, A familiar voice rang from behind.
6 ounces flour
Julie spent many years working in a tedious office job and knew that this was not how she should be spending her life. She is highly creative, zany, seriously gifted in the arts (she has extensive experience working with textiles and has painted many murals) and decided that she must spend her life away from the boring office environment and pursue her true calling, that of being an Artist. Having artistic talents in a myriad of areas, Julie’s quandary was what would she create, how would she channel her gift?
Time: Sunday 20th November 21.00 BST (20.00 GMT, 15.00 EST, 14.00 CST etc)
Why It’s Working: Recyclebank rewards environmentally friendly actions with points, which are a monetary incentive to recycle. You can also compare your behavior with others on leaderboards in the Recyclebank Ecosystem.
He will always be remembered as one of the greatest.
Language of Love Text Collection – 24 Stamps
Pierced Earring backs, Flower Head Pins﻿
Hmmm, clearly you haven't done much country living! Oh, you read a book once...did you now? Now where was I going with that thought? Hmmm, errr, nope it's gone... completely vanished into the ether... you know, the ether? of, oh, whatever the ether does... I don't have time to explain everything, I mean really! This is just a blog - not some world class novel! OK, so back to my story... as you know, or perhaps not, Mossberry Cottage is an old New England barn that was converted to cozy living quarters
Add your link...
What beauty products do you have your eye on this spring?
From Physical Interaction Design to Service Design
Born in Chicago in 1892, he died unheralded in 1973. Tabloid writers would describe his life as “tragic”.
The image is the Lili of the Valley Filigree Heart stamp from their latest release, I have coloured it with Copics on Neenah Classic Card, The papers are by FabScrapes, ohhhh they are lush. I have made the border down the sides with Aged Rose Embossing Enamel, and Lavender Crushed Glass Glitter, The simple White Flowers have been coloured with Copics and I have added (a little too much) Silver Halo Mix Glitter, These products are so new they have not been uploaded to the website yet but will be in the next few weeks, but they will be available at the Shows.
All in all we had a wonderful time. We couldn't have asked for a better break. Cyrus has missed his family seeing how we all would sleep in and no one was there to see him off in the mornings, therefore he was glad to see us all wide awake and excited for the first day of school today.
Martha Stewart Punch - Branch Leaf
First off, there was just entirely too much rejection going on for my freshly-rejected self to process. I first started watching during the season with DeAnna — who had been rejected the season before by Brad. DeAnna then rejected Jason the next season, choosing the juvenile Jesse the snowboarder instead. So Jason became the next Bachelor, rejecting Molly at the end of the season and choosing perky Dallas Cowboy Cheerleader Melissa.
H. Height: 5'7"
(List all your solo acts one by one, paragraph by paragraph. Describe the style, the song/band name and length of song, costume appearance, props used, set up required, and final reveal costume.
While having Interstitial Cystitis, thought to be an autoimmune disorder of sorts, does not carry the severity of someone who’s just undergone an organ transplant and is loaded down with immune suppressant drugs, I can assure you, many of us suffer a great deal when some thoughtless individual sneezes near us, or sends a child to school sick, thus passing along the infection to our own children, and ultimately us. We, the unseen masses of men, women, and children with broken pee machines, are usually crippled by a bladder flare.
Never stop, not for whatever
TATOOS BY FORT APACHE
8oz cream cheese
Claire returned his smile. His lips, beneath a light mustache and beard, were full and well-formed. She imagined what it might be like to kiss him, but her face heated at the scandalous thought.
An article I thought was fairly balanced article about the pros and cons of wearing headphones at work and what it means to be “together alone” in environments where we are physically proximate and yet focused on completely different things.
Derby-Lewis, a former Conservative Party politician, is serving a life sentence for his role in the assassination of SA Communist Party secretary general Chris Hani.
Sorry I didn’t manage to get round many desks last week – there are so many now that it is impossible to see them all and have some sort of other life as well – let alone actually do some creating!! Thanks to everyone who visited my blog, and for your lovely comments, all much appreciated. I made a new friend through WOYWW last week – Diana Taylor of Velvet Moth Studio – I did a special post about her because her work impressed me so much. Also this past week, it was M.E. International Awareness Day on Saturday and I did a special post about that, which took a long time and a lot of thought, because there’s so much that could be said! If you haven’t already read this post, I ask you please to do so, because we need to dispel the ignorance about this disease.
In bold above you will see Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels were amongst the contributors to the Vorwärts! magazine. Those names should be familiar because they are the authors of the 1848 publication "Communist Manifesto."
A Flat City records the impressions and experiences of Christchurch’s creative community following the February 2011 Earthquakes … Covering 13 episodes, A Flat City covers the emotional, social, financial and creative aspects of the disaster, highlighting the creative responses of those affected, and discusses the rebuilding process from the alternative/creative community’s perspective.
Granted, there aren't a lot of brown-colored people in hockey, and not too terribly many in those freakishly cold and god-forsaken countries (e.g., Canada, Russia). I suspect a good reason for this is that brown-colored people are smart enough to realize that the cold and ice are not aphrodisiacs and any countries where winter is defined as “not July” are not worth living in. But seriously – I can't respect a sport where a 1950s sentiment is not atypical.
Clint Richardson
If you look carefully, you can see our black rooster. We now have two roosters, one older and more sedate, and another who only recently started crowing. There's quite a lot of rivalry between the males, so we are thinking of giving one away. Initially, when we only just started out with our chicken adventure we only wanted to keep females, but it turns out roosters fight away stray cats the way hens don't do.
We think landscapes only exist out of the city, but the High Line is proof they don’t have to. We should give high streets over to landscape architects more than retailers. I would like to see town centres become like huge gardens or playgrounds. Give it to the skateboarders and BMX kids – the people they shoo away from these areas – because these are the people who actually know how to use urban areas. We should embrace the dynamism that they bring.
Before loving someone we should be able to love ourselves. Self love. I think that nobody liked me before because I used to hate me. When I began to love who I was/am, a lot of people started to notice me, and my body figure haven't changed a lot. Now I love myself even more, I like taking care of myself. I do sports, I take care of my skin, I eat well, I read, and I love doing that, I feel happy and complete. I don't have any bad habit and I'm in control of myself. When we control ourselves, and when we know ourselves we have power above us and people who don't know themselves. I am powerful.
That is correct! If you listen to this podcast we provide you with details on how to enter and how you can possibly win this awesome prize!
And both Morrell and Kilpatrick have high praise for that story, Suzanne Church’s “The Tear Closet.” It’s a good example of how the collection eschews standard dark fantasy and horror tropes but still conjures a “sense of the eerie,” as Morrell puts it.
Thank you! Blogging has been an interesting experience, no doubt. The first part of the process is so insular – just me, and my laptop. It still trips me out to realize how many people are tuning in to read my thoughts! I totally love the interaction and feedback that blogging gives, because TV is so removed and manufactured. The projects on my show were completed many months prior to airing, and I’ve already moved on by the time I hear from fans. But with my blog, I can let it rip and the response is instant! I also get to be ‘me’. No PR considerations, no towing the network line….it’s just me and my readers, and it’s totally great. Plus, I’m now a member of this rich community of blogs and bloggers (like AphroChic!), and it feels like we’re all part of this fantastic tribe together. It’s really fulfilling.
the slightest trace
“…stinging…”.
So even though I was concerned for him when I discovered he was not eating, I was not overly emotional about his having to stay at the vets. That is, until it was bed time. It was then we noticed that both Miss Abbey and Miss Myne seemed a bit lost. by 3 a.m. we were getting a clearer picture of the magnitude of the problem. Miss Myne and Miss Abbey would not settle down. In fact Miss Abbey roamed the house calling for him to no avail. As you might imagine there was no sleeping with all that going on.
Practical significance
BAD STUFF: Sloooooooooooow drama. Loooooooooong and sloooooow. It was actually supposed to be 20 minutes longer. Wow.
And for you true film snobs out there who might think this sounds interesting but need a conscience-soothing reason to check it out: If Roman Polanski has a favorite Hercules movie, I bet it's this one. See if you can figure out why from the content of this post.
Wifey was still hungry and there were still tear gas around and we couldn't just hog the table after I finished. Finally we decided to take our chances by going out to Nando's which we saw was open in the morning. Thankfully, it was still open and we went in for our dinner before we walked to Hang Tuah Station(advised by wifey's resourceful colleague) to take our train back to Sri Petaling.
The owls were punched from Early Espresso cardstock, Whisper White cardstock, Chocolate Chip cardstock, Pocket Full of Posies DSP, Flirtatious DSP, and Red Glimmer Paper. The owl pieces were adhered together with the Two-Way Glue Pen.
Where were they going? What would become of them?
- Heidi & Robert M.
Can you see yourself in any of your characters?
Secondly, many of the concepts, research and understanding I have is from Sweet Poison by David Gillespie and Sarah Wilson’s Blog. For specific information I have gathered from them refer to their sources directly. I don’t want to rehash everything they say but I am using their experiences as guidance and their research as my backbone. I promise to provide any direct links to thinks I find useful where I can without copyright. If there is anyone else out there like me then I hope the information I provide is useful. For a proper understanding of what I am trying to do try the Sweet Poison website or their Facebook page. I am not having all out war on every form of sugar just fructose used to artificially sweeten things like sweet chilli sauce that don’t need it. For a proper introduction to what this is all about get David Gillespie’s book. (If your interested is piqued).
This is Greta Kendall’s last chance to save her home. She’s been fighting for two years against a woman – Stephanie Harwood – who will do anything it takes to evict Greta and bulldoze her beautiful house. With time running out and her mother running her ragged, Greta’s at her wit’s end to save her home and her business before it’s too late. Which will be the victor – her Queen Anne Victorian or the new shopping mall? Only time will tell.
Other delights on sale right now in Southend High Street include
Flora Blue & White varigated
Directed by Sajid Khan , starring an ensemble cast -Akshay Kumar, John Abraham ,Riteish Deshmukh, , Shreyas Talpade , Asin ,Zarine Khan, Jacqueline Fernandez ,Shazahn Padamsee , Rishi Kapoor ,Randhir Kapoor and Mithun Chakraborty , Sajid Nadiadwala and Eros International.
6) Meeting readers!!! Fans are what make all the hard work worth while, and meeting them in person is the greatest thing in the world!
exploration, of making up stories. Stories, film, sculpture,
I guess Gizmo pulled at Caleb’s heartstrings, and he’s in love…he LOVES that he can play with Gizmo. It warms my heart to see him interacting with Gizmo and being truly happy. So, he was a GREAT purchase, and I think Gizmo has stolen all of our hearts.
let the weekend start!! Did you know Unity will be turning 4 in May.
Welcome to the NBA. As I watch Carmelo’s first NBA home game not played in Denver, Colorado, I’m reminded of how this league works: players come and go. And that is why fans today have become less team based and more player oriented. Is it our fault when we fall in love with a Tracy McGrady while following the Magic, then root for him when he’s wearing a Rockets or Pistons jersey? Or follow KG into Boston, after watching him toil for years in Minnesota?
Osie laughed. ‘Ye should be used to them by now,’ he said. ‘Ye’ve lived beside them a’ your life.’
Céline: I’m so miserable in my love life, in my relationship, I always act as… like…you know, I’m detached, but I’m… I’m dying inside. I’m dying because I’m so numb. I don’t feel pain, or excitement. I’m not even bitter, I’m just…uh…
She was more importantly significant to her son (Chaz Shepherd (my friend)) and to the lives of young women in Philadelphia where she had taught dance for quite some time. She had also mentored those same young women whom she taught.
Finally I turned to the BBC Good Food Website. Here is the original recipe, but my version is below as I found the dough a little too wet and I wanted more spices.
In other news we had an Afrikaans day at school on Saturday... *joy*. We were forced cook our own poitjie (stew basically) and nonsense like that. We also had to dance and listen to Afrikaans music and all that lovely jazz. There was one song I liked in particular however, it's called Loslappie.
AFC Wimbledon do not challenge this.
The RECARO ProSPORT Combination Harness Booster Car Seat is backed by a limited one-year warranty.
Of all the plants on our property the ones that make me the happiest, that fascinate me the most, are the ones that arrive unbidden on the wind. Volunteers, they are called. From the moment you step through the gate there are dozens of wonderful, beautiful cultivated plants that have come from friends’ gardens, a trade, a cutting, a thinning here and there that yield now massive stands of color and texture. Each morning when I walk the dogs down to the creek we follow different routes that lead to new discoveries of the volunteer sort. Sure the wind brings common flowers and plants, vines and bushes, but these that I speak of with excitement are a different sort of wild. Down by the creek is the fantastical Mayapple.
ROBERT DUVALL (The Apostle)
Though there were bursts of violence that went on for years, the war did wind down when Aquinaldo was captured in 1901 and the Second Philippine Commission established local governments. Some fighting did continue, though, even after the official end of the war in the Summer of 1902 when Roosevelt (who became President following McKinley's assassination by an unstable anarchist) pardoned all Filipinos who had fought against the U.S. Various groups would fight against the U.S. occupation until 1913. In 1916, the Jones Act passed by the U.S Congress promised eventual independence. The Tydings-McDuffie Act of 1934 made this more concrete by promising independence after 10 years. Of course, the war intervened, and many Filipinos fought bravely to expel the Japanese just as they had fought originally to expel the Americans, and many Filipinos were executed by the Japanese government for spying for American and providing comfort to our prisoners of war. From a speculation standpoint, I have to wonder if our bases in the Philippines as cont
And for my wife, I can't post some of the things I'm getting her on here because she might read it, but I'm handmaking a few arts-and-crafts type things for her to show my love and devotion.
Mitchell is the smoocher. He loves nothing more than to cuddle and kiss. On a rough day (and who doesn't have those) he is the first one to come over and climb on my lap and tell me that he loves me. BUT don't get me wrong he is an equal opportunity cuddler and will happily give cuddles to the mums at school and even to strangers at times. He loves jarmie days and playing with his trains. He loves going out for coffee and spending time alone with either Kev or me. We call him Grandpa Simpson beecause he loves to tell stories which never seem to end or have much point to them. Mitchell is a blessing in our lives. He shows us daily that even when things are tough to do a positive attitude goes a very long way.
Background information: In April we were still in Toronto, Canada with our daughter and needed to bring the cats back across the border into the United States. This was quite an easy accomplishment in the end and even though I had tons of paperwork with me, the border guards barely looked at the cats and waved us through. I had taken the cats to the vet and gotten a checkup for them and rabies shots. Turns out, it was harder to get the car back into the U.S. than it was the cats.
A pic I took of a storm coming over the Estrella mountains. I definitely miss the mountains when I'm in the flat midwest.
May 15 - Barbara Stuart, actress ("Bachelor Party"), 81
Renovating your home can be an exciting endeavor because you get to add a newly designed space to your home that is exactly the way you want it. However, ongoing renovations can also become stressful because they disrupt your normal living patterns and add clutter and dirt to your home. Dust accumulates more quickly, the equipment can be noisy, and the debris from the construction can pose a danger to your kids.
Thank you for your consideration of this proposal. I look forward to hearing from you.
Ok, that's probably not true, but I wanted to make a dramatic entrance.
For direction or more details drop me a line in the comments or via email.
The only advice I have is to point back to what Richard Phillips said: If you want to know God’s plan for your life, start looking for needs in your church that you can fill. Build relationships with those who can help you identify gifts — and sin — you didn’t know you had. Get involved in the Lord’s work, and be prepared to follow where He leads. Understand that he may lead you just one step at a time, but understand as well that you can trust that He also knows the steps that come next.
Now that I have my iPad, it makes reading digital mags easier than ever, I love it! I think I'd even like to start one of my own someday in the future (any interested contributors?)
Etape 5:
the time and effort that went into writing each and every post
To enlighten the normal masses.
Eeep. It's awful to have to type that out and awful-er to have to read it. And awful-est (?) for you to read it.
"3. The flow rate should be proportional to the engine size and RPM. To find the best flow rate in liters per minute, take the engine size, multiply by the RPM, and divide by 2."
Don Juan by Lord Byron
Visually, it’s menacing and aggressive with slightly flared wheel arches, bulging bonnet, black alloy wheels and large quad exhausts at the back. The test unit also came fitted with a carbon fibre bootlid spoiler, not necessary but a nice touch never-the-less. LED daytime running lights are fitted and make the C63 even more imposing in rear-view mirrors.
She survived a vicious predator attack last summer, made it through winter, and persevered after a run-in with a car. My car.
The icing on this cupcake story is that I had the priceless opportunity to make them at my sister's house with my darling Niece and Nephew at a particularly bittersweet time. Mr. Noodle and I had just packed up all of our worldly goods, sold our dream home and left behind dear family in Minnesota to begin anew in the Philippines. At a time when we were in limbo, without a home to call our own for the time being, I baked these in our home away from home. It was a joy to make them with the most terrific kids in the world and to share them with the people I love best. These are small pleasures, now forever treasured.
_____The only "likes" I will get will be from my illiterate friends, who don't care what I call them as long as my statuses look "pretty."
(this is just a fancy way of saying...make it SHINE! the more sparkle and glitter the better ;)
If you really want to get fancy, you can add another layer to chicanery and turn your Double Irish into a Dutch Sandwich. This ploy makes use of an agreement between Ireland and other EU countries to further reduce their tax burdens.
"Love me, love me ... say that you love me,
How has your background influenced your writing?
But 25-year-old Bolt has come in for criticism from fellow black Jamaicans unhappy that he has chosen a white partner.
At Oslo's airport Gardermoen I tried Ringnes' Christmas beer. Ringnes Juleøl was a coppery beer with nearly no carbonation nor head. In the nose there was some caramel and cold coffee, and the beer tasted the same. I have tasted several better Christmas beers from Norway this year, and Ringnes Juleøl must be considered another boring beer.
So, I think it's safe to say:
and he isn't a shopper..so it's not like he's going to walk into walmart to see that big floral sign reminding him that mother's day is sunday!
Languages that has implementation for both JVM and CLR (Clojure, Fantom, Scala) and several other platforms (Clojure & Fantom on JavaScript engine, Scala on Android, Haxe on several platforms)
What a week! We have been to Point Pelee three times this week. That's a record for us and we walk, walk, walk. It is a beautiful warm day right now but they are calling for a thunderstorm and rain all night and tomorrow. Good. We need it. There is very little water in the sluice at the Point and the migratory birds need those to be filled with water.
They are perfect and way healthier for you too!
Others said, “These are not the words of one possessed; surely a demon cannot open the eyes of the blind, can he?”
I helped make a frock for her doll and we had a cute recycled dancing doll!
That's my baby, Good Friday. All 307 pages of her single-spaced glory. I've been chipping away at her for the better part of the the year, but have finally hit my rhythm and expect to be within striking distance of a readable third(!) draft next month.
ARTSblog had a new post recently that detailed the results of a ten year study on Arts patron behavior. And these findings should be of interest to any artist or person who cares about the place of the Arts in peoples lives. This is some of what the author had to say:
Kilt him a b'ar when he was only three.
Admirers cite different reasons for loving the work. For me, it’s the pure audaciousness of the projects. Big, beautiful, and impossible not to notice. As simple as child’s drawings, yet so complicated, and so amazingly, incredibly original.
Another point made in the conclusion is that kids find learning from their peers highly motivating:
I had been told she was a more than a little shy and that made me even like the thought of working with her more.
My sister and nephew had come in with my brother but they were off grabbing a bite to eat.
Now that I have talked about what a real man is from my view, I’m going to make a note of what I think a real woman is. A real woman will love her man for who he is and how he treats her and not how much money he makes or what kind of fancy things he owns. Real women stand behind their men as far as supporting him in his life; being there for him when he needs someone; helping him make decision that are big; helping him raise the family. Now, there is such thing as an alpha female, and I would know because at one point in my life I was married to one. They are just as bad as alpha males, if not worse. The worst ones will drag their husband/boyfriend around like he is a dog or a pet and he has to do whatever she says. They make all the rules and he must abide by them, just like an alpha male does to his female companion. In a fight or argument, they refuse to see thing through the other person’s perspective with the idea that they are always right; not to mention the only intelligent one. Someone once told me that alpha males and
1/4 cup finely chopped onions
Real Good Looking Boy
If you haven’t read The Hunger Games yet, let me give you some context. This is a highly political series with strong themes of rebellion and the horrors of war. Katniss is constantly thinking about her strategies and how far she might go to survive, as well as analyzing her current situation. This is all done quite neatly in her head, as talking to herself isn’t the best thing when there are bloodthirsty Careers after you.
They have to puff well. Fry them until they are crisp.
George Harrison- Early Takes Vol. 1 and Living in the Material World (two releases in one week is pretty impressive, especially for a dead guy)
Anyhow I had this very vivid dream about a woman wearing a yellow shirt that had red lipstick painted on it. And it was a familiar woman, but not so much a woman who I am familiar with. One of those weird instances where someone makes an appearance in your dream, and from then on they just kind of stand out more than they used to. We’ll it’s like that.
According to SF police inspector Ron Roth, 75 percent of their contents was non-public information illegally obtained from government agencies.
But there are less obvious markets as well. In all countries including the United States, in most corporations, there are entire swaths of employees, from directors to vice presidents and higher, who are without formal skills in everything from financial management to project management to leadership. This “winging-it” middle management – who often resemble MBA’s in everything but skills - represent tremendous penalties to shareholder value. The lowering of MBA’s costs will greatly increase their adoption by these employees who desperately need the skills.
“And I have set sackcloth my garment” (ver. 11). Already before we have said something of the sackcloth, from whence there is this, “But I, when they were troubling Me, was covering myself with sackcloth, and was humbling My Soul in fasting. I have set sackcloth for My garment:” that is, have set against them My flesh, on which to spend their rage, I have concealed My divinity. “Sackcloth,” because mortal the flesh was: in order that by sin He might condemn sin in the flesh. “And I have set sackcloth my garment: and I have been made to them for a parable,” that is, for a derision. It is called a parable, whenever a comparison is made concerning some one, when he is evil spoken of. “So may this man perish,” for example, “as that man did,” is a parable: that is, a comparison and likeness in cursing. “I have been made to them,” then, “for a parable.”
Would you wanna know creation of God
"Here's a wallet for you and five nicker for me"
Uptown opens with another (yawn) jazz ode to Manhattan which is made more curious by the fact that David Basse is the acknowledged “leader” of the Kansas City jazz scene. In fact, two of the first three tracks are New York-centric which would be a little bit tedious even by a New York based jazz singer. And a mention of stepping out in a top hat, really, in 2012?
Consider the apostle preaching on Mars Hill in Acts 17:32. “And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked; and others said, We will hear thee again of this matter…Howbeit certain men clave unto him.” To those mockers and procrastinators Paul could well have said, “Ye should have hearkened unto me.”
Life is too short and I need to grasp the moment.
LCD TVs Dual Personality – Experience This Amazing LCD Feature!
Scroll down: His response to a comment (in italics) and my response to his:
Bang Gang has a very lush, seamless sound on CD. What kinds of studio gear (plugins, hardware compressors and limiters, etc) do you use to get that sound?
Twice-convicted pedophile Sid Landau wants out of a mental hospital he is being held in, even though he was one of the first sex offenders in California targeted by Megan’s Law. Landau was one of the first sex offenders to be targeted in California by this law, which derives its name from Megan Kanka, a 7-year-old New Jersey girl who was sexually assaulted and killed in 1994 by a previously convicted sex offender. This horrible crime led to the creation of state and federal Megan’s Laws that allow police to provide notification when high-risk sex offenders move into neighborhoods. After his later arrest for assaulting a cameraman and serving more time for parole violations, Landau was about to be released in 2000, but was flagged as a sexually violent predator and later committed to a mental hospital for treatment.
fabric used this year: -117.5 yards
Thank you Craig’s List for putting me in contact with my Table Maker Man!
Next week Vedaste is in Brussels, so I have 10 days off. I plan to visit the genocide memorials at Nyamata and Ntarama, which are meant to be harrowing. Although I expect it to be a very upsetting experience I think it’s important. I’m also going to go to Butare and visit the national museum and university. Then on Thursday (at 5.45 no less!) I’m catching the 9 hour hour bus to Kampala to stay with Angela for a few days. I’m also going white water rafting at Jinja which I’m regarding with equal parts excitement and trepidation! Grade 5 is higher than anything I’ve done before and by all reports the chances of getting through without the raft flipping are next to none. (But I’m sure I’ll be fine Mum, Dad and Andy, and I checked my insurance covers it!) And hey, at least I’m not trying the bungee jumping!
(I wonder -did he need an author pass to get in ???)
Every once in awhile you just have to take a break from the mundane and boring…ie:unpacking. All of the kids have been such a big help in the whole unpacking and organizing process. Probably because they know if they didn’t chip in they knew I would just start chucking their stuff as well as my own.
lagt er en oed boek van de wörms half opgevreten
# = with SIGMA as support
2. In a 9x13 glass baking dish layer noodles, white sauce with chicken, then cheese. Repeat steps, ending with mozzarella cheese on top. Bake at 350 degrees for 35-45 minutes.
Me: Umm, yes baby, I'm driving...I have to be awake.
- 2 teaspoons active dry yeast
Letter writing seems to be a lost art. I remember my grandmother writing lots of letters to family and friends who lived far away. I remember my older sister buying scented stationary to send love letters to her boyfriend. All of which it seems, is becoming a lost art. I know that letter writing is still taught in schools. Yet in the real world, outside of school, how often are kids exposed to the fancy penmanship of a handwritten letter? Perhaps on occasion. Maybe not at all. Don't get me wrong, technology has it's place, and I can barely function when there's a problem with my computers, or there's a power outage, or the $300 bulb on my Smart Board goes out, in my classroom. However, I feel a bit of sadness at the idea that letter writing may become a thing of the past. So many boys and girls, will never know the thrill of running to the mailbox in anticipation of a letter J-u-s-t F-o-r T-h-e-m.
Want to know what the Detroit Free Press thought of the GOP field in the debate last night? It can be summed up in one picture that the freep ran in their editorial by Stephen Henderson: Will any candidate rescue the millennials?
So far I've committed to going three nights a week, which is good, because I am in such bad shape, I think anything more would kill me. Seriously. Plus, my doctor also says that doing 15 minutes three times a week is the perfect way for me to get started.
David was my anchor. He was the one I looked up to, the one I let myself believe in, mostly because he was the only one who stuck around most of the time. Dad was a traveling salesman, a “regional rep” for some company selling medical supply equipment or something like that. His trips started taking longer, and longer, sometimes a week or even two. He said competition was up, so he had to start traveling farther to find new clients. We never seemed to have a lot of money, so I guess we had to believe him. Maybe needed to believe him.
these notes resonated a path to the future. Only few took their way
Carol Ann Duffy
Luke helps Vader take off his helmet, revealing a scarred, pallid face beneath it. Vader promptly pops a Caramel Delight into his mouth and chews, smiling. His breathing stutters, and his eyes look pained
So, here is Sunday's card ....
on Tuesday afternoon (20/12) we actually fitted the door!
All of the moves are repeated in a second round so this is the lowest and highest of the 2 rounds. I don't like the Dive-Bomber Push-Ups in the beginning and I don't like them in the end. I do them like Marain does them and just go under the fence then push up. I was quite happy with my final round today and am so glad to see the vast improvement. I lost my book from the last two rounds I did and I am sad because I know I have improved since then. Anyways, one down, five strength workouts to go!!
Denim Diva is a really cool denim blue shimmer. This one reminds me of jeans 100%. Two easy coats. I like the brush - it's fat! These mini bottles really have great brushes - so why do mini OPI brushes suck so much?!
Children with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders may benefit from medications to address Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and other co-morbid conditions. However, children with a Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder present in a more complex way than do children in the general population. A comprehensive understanding of how ADHD should be identified and treated in children affected by prenatal exposure to alcohol is essential for professionals working with these children in order to develop an effective treatment plan including medication in combination with appropriate therapeutic interventions.
June 24th, 2009
Dr. Lawson is pulling rank and is pretty much ignoring the groups opinions. Chase they should treat her just like any other patient’s mother and scope out her house. Chase and Adams find some experimental drugs in her basement and assume that she’s testing the drugs on Emily, which she has been. Those drugs also cause renal failure in mice and rats. Oops, mama.
The Daleks in this audio are quite brilliant. They are really sinister and ruthless. The Daleks seem to work remarkably well on audio. Best of all, we get to hear the menacing tones of the super-cool Emperor Dalek. As a Dalek story, The Genocide Machine is an audio that will touch all the right buttons with fans.
I am not angry anymore. I am only quiet.
How the heart yearningly turns His rest!
* Matthew Gray Gubler as Simon (speaking voice)
Then came Operation Cast Lead. Again, not against a state – the PA is in charge, but it’s not a state – but against a semi-military organization, getting support from the same places, from Iran and from Syria, and it is the de facto government. Which was not the case in the two previous cases.
Oh, wait... I misread something. It wasn't about "people sleeping with people" it was about "children sleeping with parents." So my husband doesn't need to try to get me out of our bed, thank goodness.
Well, one of the sites I was browsing recently is My Memories.
Even though I'm currently replacing breakfast and lunch, I still love to focus on having a delicious dinner.
A: Of course I'm on Facebook!! *L* I use it to keep in touch with my customers as well as my family. My Facebook biz is at: http://www.facebook.com/pages/Haverhill-MA/East-Coast-Tropics/156911513791
Lifestyle
3. Use 3D mounts to layer up the layers starting from the bottom, making sure the shaping is covering the right areas of layer underneath.
I will be picking Aley up from the airport when she gets back.
Creeps in this petty pace from day to day
See? It's like that every fucking day. But it won't stop me achieving. Last quarter's results from my marketing campaigns? LESS THAN NEGLIGIBLE DOWNTURN IN SALES. I will never be stopped.
““Greece’s membership of the euro area is a historic victory for the country that cannot be put in doubt. This achievement by the Greek people cannot depend on a referendum.”
"I want Bakugan battle gear."
Schrader SM, Ratcliffe JM, Turner TW, Hornung RW. The Use of New Field Methods of Semen Analysis in the Study of Occupational Hazards to Reproduction: The Example of Ethylene Dibromide. J Occup Med 1987; 29: 963-966.
Dress wear guidance
The chargesheet also made a reference to money laundering, which pushed Alok Mittal, joint commissioner of police, Gurgaon to state that the police may refer the to the Enforcement Directorate (ED).
- Is the school recognized internationally?
Christie
The other day I came across these amazing photographs in Vogue by New York based photographer Martin Schoeller.
pulling, you are pulling me in
6 100 Lb. Noomy 2:29
Young women today do not seem to aspire to pretty, they prefer to be regarded as hot. Hotness is something altogether different. When women want to be hot instead of pretty, they must view themselves in a certain way and consequently men view them differently as well.
Prebius: he’s out campaigning!
-Arabian Proverb
her mother used to say about the way young Manuela used to kiss her father.
- Attachments.
On the left side again, the "F" on this horse stands for the stallion line of "Favory" from Kladrub, Bohemia born in 1779. The next brand under that is the dam's bloodline. The hip brand is the Royal Crown of Piber.
The snake, whose name was Paragon, was a fair-minded roomie, but told Davy he’d spent some time in the pen & warned him that he, Paragon, wasn’t past biting someone’s eyes out in the middle of the night if crossed.
COMEDY: A-
We're so happy you could join us for this super-fun hop showcasing cards, layouts and projects for Back To School!! You'll find an array of ideas throughout the hop -- From teacher gifts to lunchbox notes, we hope you'll enjoy each and every project along the way!!
Clickable Index to the above:
The result was complete disaster. The kingdom was divided as ten tribes of the twelve departed from Rehoboam, following rather Jeroboam forming the northern kingdom ofIsrael. I wonder if he ever had any remorse? The Biblical record does not say so. Rather he sought to make war against them.
Okay guys; here's the sheezee:
10. We can actually be in our fourth week of school, and arrive to school ON TIME every day (except for the day we dropped off the kitty). This is HUGE after last year.
the lost continent
Anthony Alvarado, 31, New York, N.Y.
While there, these lovely rubber boots called out to me.
New versions of No. 3 also appeared in the same period. The enigmatic No. 3a, which retained a gravity of over 1070º. No. 3 Sc (presumably meaning Scotch or Scottish) which appears to be exactly the same as the standard version. Finally No. 3 btg, the bottling version, which was a touch higher in gravity, 1070º, and the most heavily hopped at 1.75 lbs per barrel.
Matthew is the absolute opposite of Dondi; if Dondi is the sun, he is the moon. “A mystery like a dark corner, or the far side of the moon,” it isn’t easy to tell what he’s thinking or how he feels about Thomas’ sudden appearance in hi s life. Quieter, less sure of himself than Dondi, he’s desperately in love with Thomas but unsure of Thomas’ relationship with Dondi, unsure Thomas even thinks of him that way he doesn’t confess his feelings. It’s this very reticence, this mystery, that captivates Thomas who is equally enamored of his former lover’s brother. Matthew is calm, loyal, a one man man, just the sort of man Thomas needs. To Thomas’s surprise he replaces Dondi in his heart.
I do relish Labour choosing a new leader, getting rid of tired, dead wood, and trying to build a party to reflect a ‘future fair for all’ and which has a long hard look at geopolitics to see whether we really need to play policeman with America in the future, whether we need to continue, long term, in getting involved in long protracted and expensive military engagements overseas when policy might be better focused and directed on our own defence and relations with Europe and the Commonwealth. Why… we may even be able to negotiate a sensible solution with Argentina on the Falklands to ensure the islanders are free and all benefit should oil be found?! Good grief…. that sort of thinking won’t do at all… Sun readers will be coughing into their cornflakes at that idea.
Jaggery ¾ cup
My baby girl isn't much of a baby anymore. She's starting college in September, accepted into Montclair State University's BFA program. She's quite the artist. This is one of my favorite pieces from her senior art show.
Hey Mr. This is a beer.Gimme a call back on what you’re at alright. Thanks.
Two of Sarawak’s most influential outlets have been Radio Free Sarawak and Sarawak Report, founded by Peter John Jaban, a former employee from the Sarawak Land and Surveys Department, and British investigative journalist Claire Rewcastle Brown. Based in London, far away from Malaysia’s stifling sedition and media laws, these outfits began investigating Taib’s empire and broadcasting its reports into Sarawak, exposing not only the magnitude of Taib’s vested interests but also where his illicit funds were ending up: not in Sarawak’s developing economy, but in a convoluted offshore portfolio estimated to top $1 billion stretching from London to Monaco, Ottowa to Sydney12. The tension deepened even further when a prominent whistleblower, a former Taib aide named Ross Boyert was found dead in an L.A. motel room with bag taped over his head in a rare form of suspected suicide13. Members of the opposition have rightly pointed out that, since Malaysia has one the world’s highest rates of illicit capital outflows, totalling $291 b
When he returned to the table the mom and young toddler went for their dinners while the dad remained behind with the older kids. Nothing unusual here, right?
This is the kind of serious YA that I could totally hand to an adult reader and not get "the weird look" (and, I WILL be handing this to a few of my adult library patrons who like The Hunger Games).
I'm so thankful for the opportunity to create stamps for you girls...
Take care and keep safe
Eyes: B41, B45
I've been away for awhile. I have been so ambivalent of time as of late that I didn't even realize months had gone by since I last posted. Months . . . lifetimes, really.
elementary, and then go to middle school for grades 7-9 with the same
For reasons unrelated to you or our relationship, I got depressed and it soon became too much to handle, completely tearing our relationship apart.
The Maroon bells are the farthest-back, deep
Frosty the Traveler, had a plane to catch that day
The youth fled when Mrs Mackay screamed.
I think this is partially what drives indie game developers, at least at some level. Making games for the sheer love of making games has a tendency to produce some great stuff. I’d hold up Minecraft as an obvious example, but there are plenty of others. The Rampant Coyote is my touchpoint for getting a bead on good indie games, though the Humble Bundle and Indie Royale are good to check now and then.
Me: Answer my question.
In the end they took about three days of intermittent sewing, production line style. The instructions were very clear, but in all honesty I had a few difficulties in attaching the two different layers of hat together. Despite that, and a few wonky seams as a result, they did sew up quite nicely.
Samsung Series 7 NP700Z5A-S0AUS 15.6-Inch Laptop (Silver) Enjoy powerful performance fast better class with the latest Intel core processors and innovative express cache ultra fast processing technology and internet access. With a clear sharp screen and graphics SUPERBRIGHT AMD Radeon to produce good pictures even in the free powerful during a durable aluminum enclosure and elegant watch everywhere. Dont t be affected by time Wated. Get your PC in less than two seconds with Samsung began rapid s technology. With an innovative hybrid sleep mode you will receive both require at this time on speed and exceptional battery life PC users. With this combination of speed and power you can be sure that your PC is ready to do more in less time.
2011-04-02 400000
The Nanking Beef and Aniseed Beef Tendon is heaven. When I loved a dish, I couldn’t explain its taste. There’s this taste that’s been left and makes my taste buds to crave the next day. Chow Mein noodles is also yummy. China Chicken is okay but not really distinct.
This is for a Sweet Sixteen who has a plan for her future. I will stand for her until she can do that for herself. She, like all of your children, deserves the best we can give them. This current government is not doing their best, not for her or anyone else.
***Then we look for a HIDING PLACE---in our pant leg, under our leg, in our sleeve.....etc! We hold out our hands and sing....
Today is the National Day Of Prayer here in the USA. All over the country groups will be gathering to pray and for many the focus will be spiritual revival and a return to God’s ways. Our country is in desperate need of divine intervention!
And so, I joined the ranks of rudeness. I treated someone with disrespect. I am ashamed and embarrassed by my behavior. My husband tells me that I should acknowledge the lesson learned and move on. But I am a brooder.
‘Go out of your way to help your managers.
Hey! At least I got the "before" and "after"!
God Bless Us, Every One.. source- Tiny Tim
Baby you don’t know me, cause you’re dead wrong
"But wait!" you say, "I thought getting foreclosed on was a bad thing!"
Valentine’s Day
Me: Oh yes you will. The person who is staying home does the housework. That's the rule.
Guilty as charged. I wanted Barkley to start. My bone marrow wanted Barkley to start. The bone marrow of my unborn great-grandchildren, who will one day tend to hydroponic soybean and hemp farms on Mars and probably make a killing off the neural stimulant black market in Pavonis Base Two, want Matt Barkley to start. I can accept this wholehearted devotion to potential even if its going to hurt a seemingly nice elite athlete like Aaron Corp, who must feel a bit bewildered right now.
But more progressive-minded people have more of a problem with this tortured reasoning, or they would if they knew about it. David Frakt, former Gitmo defense counsel and current law professor at Western State University College of Law wrote a piercing analysis of the tack the Pentagon is taking. Here's the money shot:
About the warranty, we paid a little extra and got the whole warranty extended to 100k miles, so it's not just drive train coverage. If you are used to new cars, you probably don't appreciate the wonderment I feel; ah, to have a car that I can drive anywhere, without worry. If you are used to driving a POS, then you get it, and yeah, it's that awesome.
Since we are homeschooling, I also do a Bible study with the girls each morning and we read from a Christian book at bedtime (we are currently attempting Pilgrim's Progress.) However, having the entire family sitting together and learning from God's Word is a blessing!
you’ll up and walk away.
So far, on this blog, I’ve avoided cookies. I have some good excuses—no children at home anymore and, well, fear of the Cookie Monster.
NOTE: All food review ratings are based on the initial date of review. Food quality may improve or deteriorate over time. Feel free to share your personal experience (respectfully) in the comments section.
Now is the time for Letting Go!
Change is as simple as
I've made doughnuts from scratch before, but they haven't turned out too well. Using the deep fat fryer is kind of a pain and you really have to be careful not to make your doughnuts too big or they will be raw in the middle. Still, when you get it right, they are awesome.
The Lord’s prayer says, “forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors.” In practical, financial terminology, to forgive a debt means that you stop demanding restitution. You let go of what’s owed you, of payback, of outcome. It’s not a holier-than-thou thing; it’s just realistic. You stop trying to collect interest on paper when there are no checks in the mail anyway. You write the debt off the books. You cut your losses. You start over financially. You invest elsewhere.
My girlfriend’s three month maternity leave came to an end this past Monday, so now me and the little one are all alone for seven hours a day. The ability to raise my child around the clock is one of the benefits to being an at home writer. We don’t have to worry about someone else mistreating our child, doing things that we wouldn’t do, or not doing things that we would do. Well, I was very apprehensive about being all alone with Benjamin and not having his mother around for when he threw one of his fits. And I wasn’t the only one who was worried about me being alone with the kid. My girlfriend was also worried. Benjamin and I don’t always get along, and there are times when he prefers his mother. Him showing favoritism towards his mother doesn’t really bother me, because there are times when I prefer that he prefers his mother. However, I dread the times when Benjamin prefers his mother and she’s not there. The child can really be a handful at those times.
Yes, I am a beggar, without pride or even distinct purpose. I long to be filled, given a reason for existing. Not only am I strong enough to hold and carry your burdens, but I can and will encompass all of your joys as well. Help you celebrate even the smallest of these, and do that gladly and with deep gratitude. I can help you in so many ways, to remember specific days, moments, and experiences. I can teach you things you never dreamed, give you more experiences than you have ever imagined. All of this and so much more. But none of this will come to pass unless you move, act. So, I have no problem imploring you to take me, use me, fill me up, and in the process I will become more than I have ever been or could hope to be.
My ex-girlfriend’s birthday is coming up, May 9th, and I am struggling to figure out if I should contact her (only by text). Here is the situation, I haven’t spoken about her on this blog.
But it's more interesting than just that. Did you notice that the Stout contained two different types of brettanomyces, but the Pale Ale just one. That implies that one of the types almost certainly wasn't in the pitching yeast. Unless the Pale Ale and Stout were pitched with different yeasts.
A few staples that I always include in my garden, even though they don’t grow the best are as follows: Spinach, Romaine Lettuce, Squash (several types), Cucumbers, Tomatoes, Potatoes, Onions, Garlic and at least one type of Carrot. Sometimes (about every third or fourth year) I will grow corn, but corn depletes the nutrients in soil to an extreme degree and it’s not really possible to grow it consistently in my area.
I have found it interesting during my tenure as stepparent how frequently others second-guess and in some ways undermine the influence I have with my stepchildren. Let’s be honest, the “Get out of Jail Free” card bestowed upon biological mothers is seldom extended to stepparents, and stepmothers in particular.
Without going into too much detail, these notes are organised into scales using various combinations of the twelve notes. The standard DoReMi scale uses eight notes, while the blues can be played using a mere five notes. Play a run of single notes and you have a melody, add other notes to be played and sung at the same time and you have harmony (or discord- depending on the choice of note)
In a post on Weibo, “玩世不恭“ ranted at Singaporeans for ‘looking down’ on mainland Chinese and repeated Sun Xu’s infamous remark on there ‘being more dogs than humans in Singapore.’
I went to get it just now to photograph it properly, and there is an enormous spider on top of it, so you'll have to wait again. It's been a busy summer for livestock here. The mice came back. My upstairs neighbour unplugged the deterrent in her flat while she was doing some DIY, so we both got them - they swing between our kitchens, - and I was blaming her under my breath, and then I discovered that my deterrent had stopped working so it was my fault too. I have apologized. The are called Pestbye, cost about £20 each and lasted almost two years, which I consider a bargain. I recommend them wholeheartedly. You can get them from Amazon and eBay too, and in the U.S. They make an ultrasonic sound, but more importantly, they also set up an electric disturbance around the wiring circuit which the mice can't bear. If the mice have babies they won't leave at once but will wait until the babies can come along, which is when they are four weeks old (don't say Aaaw; they have dirty feet and they wee everywhere).
I was recently asked to forward to my editor at Hopscotch some ideas for the book covers for the ICT series I am writing. I thought this was brilliant. I have never been asked to contribute to the design of the book cover before.
Thank you, potential Secretary of State Julochka, for this sage advice!
I hope everyone has a wonderful day today. It is a special day for those who believe in Jesus and the resurrection story. This is a day to be grateful for the sacrifice that was made for us. For those of you who aren't believers, I wish you a Happy Sunday and hope that you have had a great weekend.
.....Making the snacks.
Christmas muffins
Kooky:
Whoa... let me catch my breath here.
If my parting has left a void
-Lindsay
happy friday! the time has finally come! i am moving on up to portland, oregon this weekend! so for the next week, please bear with me as i am making a huge trek up to the pacific northwest.
8:30 p.m.: Now it’s the turn of ORTM to feature an interview with Capt. Sanogo, apparently recorded this morning. Sanogo claims he knows where President Touré is, that he is safe and in good shape. (But he doesn’t say that Touré is in custody.)
The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a replacement. ~Author Unknown
it comes with me
Zeynep Mine Derince, Marmara University, Turkey: Reflections on Teaching Practices through Conditionings in Turkey
That’s why mediators are awesome, but in order for mediation to work, both parties have to agree to respect each other and the mediator.
Oh be still my beating heart.
Most striking is a statement contained in Canada's Food and Drug Regulations (C.R.C., c. 870), which define different kinds of alcoholic beverages, in this case Tennessee whiskey.
Incidentally, Ephesus no longer exists, because silt from the river flowing through the city built up to such an extent that it ruined the city and its harbour.
”Burris incorrectly assumes that the entire 40 points in the measures of student learning will be derived from standardized state exams. But the use of value-added growth measures from state standardized exams need not take up more than 20% of the total teacher evaluation – and then only for a minority of teachers, those teaching English Language Arts and Mathematics, grades 4 through 8.”
Nineteen eighty-nine was another annus mirabilis, with freedom breaking out all over, and in many countries liberal ideals were beginning to be realised. In China, however, the liberalism extended only to economic liberalism, and any manifestations of political liberalism were brutally crushed. And so I lost interest in China. And I realised, reading Mankell’s book, that I would not be able to name the president of the most populous nation on earth, and still know nothing about him or his career.
She stormed downstairs demanding to know where I ‘hid her pads.’ After listening to her rant and rave for five minutes, I yelled back—-which my husband said I have to stop doing. He said I need to ‘talk to my kids in a respectful manner.’ Then , as he says our children would not give us parents a bad attitude, and yell at us.
Don’t get me wrong, I recommend watching this movie, but I hope a directors cut will come out. It got a lot of criticism for the story line. Too juvenile, high school oriented. Get over yourself, crabby movie reviewers. This movie is about teenagers, perhaps it’s going to have teenager drama. It’s a PG-13 movie because it’s geared towards teenagers. We don’t need a rated R movie with F bombs and nudity.
The hallway smelt of Bovril and chicken curry pies. At one end of it a coloured poster, too large for indoor display, had been tacked to the wall. It depicted simply an enormous face: the face of a man of about forty-five with gray hair and a self-satisfied smirk. It was one of those pictures which are so contrived that the eyes follow you about when you move. SKY SPORTS - NOW SHOWING MORE NON-RIGGED, CHEATING-FREE SCOTTISH PREMIER LEAGUE FOOTBALL THAN EVER BEFORE, the caption beneath it ran.
“you’re the best.” Awwww. So this morning as I sit down to write, what is foremost in my mind are not the daily headlines, but instead the love I feel for a man I have shared my life with for 23 years, who still remembers to bring me flowers.
It’s something I never really considered before, but thinking back I know my bulimia started at a time when I was desperately angry and had no way to express it. I was forced into treatment for anorexia at 17, at a time when I was in no way ready for it. The ‘therapy’ I received was awful, bordering on mentally abusive, and although I understood that my parents were making me go because they loved me and didn’t want me to die I was furious with them. I didn’t want to recover from anorexia. Twisted as it sounds, it gave me an amount of self-respect that I had never felt before – I was proud of myself, despite how miserable I was.
Mere age is no signifier of course: the homogeny of the 30s poets was more similar than their sex; it often followed that they had the same education; often the same sexuality; and certainly similar careers and backgrounds. Yet, at the same time I think that if we don't necessarily think of the poets of a particular decade being all born within a few months of each other, there is still something about the poetry of that decade being of and from that time. Though Seamus Heaney or Christopher Reid or John Ashbery still win prizes it would seem a little absurd to include any of them in any "post-2000" poetry anthology - has their best work happened since then? I somehow doubt it, yet they've clearly remained an impact. There's unlikely to be a "poetry of the 00s" now and one kind of thinks that if anything there is a certain uneasy modern poetry that was written before and after the millennium a little uncertain of where it actually stood. Oswald's an interesting example; easily one of the most successful poets of the last few years; y
As soon as I’d completed the third draft I sent it off to celebrated children’s agent Veronique Baxter of David Higham Associates. Veronique is a big noise in the children’s publishing world, representing huge figures like Michael Morpurgo and Geraldine McCaughrean. She was not my agent at the time but, incredibly, got back to me in less than a week saying she had read the book at breakneck speed and had loved it. Offering immediate representation, she pitched Witchfinder to Oxford University Press. We were lucky here because it fell into the hands of the new Senior Commissioning Editor at OUP, Jasmine Richards. Like Veronique, Jasmine loved the book and wanted to publish in March 2010. Even more surprisingly, off the back of this one book she commissioned the other volumes in the trilogy. From conception to publication it was about 14 months, I guess – pretty fast work in the publishing world!
Something comes over me in the fall, and I morph into a domestic Martha Stewart wannabe. I decorate my house with leaves, pine cones, acorns, chinese lanterns, and strings of crimson berries. I buy gourds, pumpkins, and rich spice candles, to add warmth and character to my rooms. In addition, I bake like there is no tomorrow! (I should probably warn my co-workers about this before the onslaught of goodies overwhelms the office.) Apple Pumpkin Muffins, Cranberry Scones, Pumpkin Pies, Apple Pies… you name it, and I probably bake it in the Fall. Those who know me can attest that none of this is normal, year-round behavior; but when it’s Autumn I just can’t help myself!
as a display cabinet visible from both
We went to Dowelltown, TN (somewhere in Middle Tennessee) to have a late Christmas get together with my Mom's side of the family (the Collins clan, aka "The Estrogen Nation") last Friday through Sunday. We stayed at this IN-CREDIBLE house in a "holler" in the Dry Creek Valley near Smithville. All I can say is, I cannot WAIT to come back here in the summer. Dry Creek is fed by springs that flow out of a cave, with absolutely the clearest water I've ever seen in the mountains (a huge swimming hole just outside the mouth of the cave you could see to the bottom of). Two creeks actually merge just down the road and there are plenty of shallow spots for the kids to wade in and look for craw dads. It was a wonderful time.
Eric's life aboard a top secret stealth submarine as a member of the government’s M.E.R. program has been about discipline, cunning and survival.
“We’ve reached a critical point, a perilous point,” Japan’s new Prime Minister Naoto Kan said. “I understand that an immediate response is of paramount importance and would like to tackle the problem with a sense of urgency.”
When I think about it, I realize that there have been many, many moments that I’ve summoned 20 seconds of insane courage to carry me from a starting moment through confident completion, from a challenge into success, and from the person I was 20 seconds ago, to the person I am standing in this very moment.
I’m sure we all agree that eyes that see, ears that hear and teeth that chew sure make life easier, not to mention more pleasant. My husband and I live inAlaska, but spend about four months during the winter inCalifornianear our daughter. I realized the day before we left, that one of my hearing aids had quit working. Fully aware of the possibility that Costco would not be able to fix it that fast, I called them and explained my situation to the repair man. He said that if I could get there by 4:00 the next day, he would see what he could do.
(Though if you twist my arm, I'd have to confess that I am there quite a bit. That's the difference between a post that takes seconds and one that needs more thought and time. You bloggy people are s-o-o-o demanding.)
Yeah. Me too. I went home. So just remember: I could have met Eddie Izzard, if I wanted to. But I do have the autograph Julia got for me. So that's cool.
Memories evolve into nightmares
It is amazing how small-minded I can be. How it is a constant struggle, to close myself off and live as selfishly as I want.
In my view now, EDL and SIOE are two sides of the same coin of far right extremist populism. SIOE plays to a more upper class and petit bourgeois conservative audience, EDL to street fighters and football casuals, but they are essentially the same. They lack the ideological coherence and complexity of classical fascism, but they are heavily influenced by fascism. They are closely related, too, to the Euronationalism of Nick Griffin and Jorg Haider, which appears to be simple conservative populism on the outside but is Nazi to the core. Any “anti-German”, anti-anti-Zionist or anti-anti-imperialist who has any time for this shit is, well, completely beyond the pale.
34. In a sense, I am Jacob Horner. —John Barth, The End of the Road (1958)
Health and Nutrition: Sustainable farming practices, chemical free, healthy soil and plants.
Louis Vuitton Fall/Winter 2010-2011: Marc Jacobs (for good ol’ Louis V.) was absolutely brilliant as he sent out girls wearing skirts and dresses no shorter than calf-length, frilly blouses, nipped-in blazers, and not a set of pants to be found. Rather than seeming frumpy, he mixed materials and patterns in such as way as to make every outfit enticing to the twenty-first century woman. Long leather gloves, very fresh make-up, and an overall air of sophistication (probably imbued by a decided lack of sparkles and sequins!!) added to the effortless grace of the girls. There is a ton of inspiration, especially for my own personal style, just waiting to be discovered in this collection. (Especially the black velvet trim. Velvet! Who knew??) As a girl who loves to wear skirts, sweaters, and sweetheart necklines, I honestly think it’s my favorite collection so far.
Consequently, it was God’s goodness that prompted Him to leave us this most precious jewel of His Body and Blood. With It, He has enriched and decorated His Church. In this Sacrament He remains with His Church to comfort her in tribulations, do defend her in time of danger, to encourage her for all good works, to enlarge her good desires, to make her burn with love for heavenly things, to make her disdain the things of the world, to incorporate her with Himself, to make her share in the sufferings and merits of His Passion, and to give her a sure pledge of eternal life.
My wife and I are planning to relocate to New Mexico when we retire. We often wonder if we would miss the trees and the clear blue lakes and streams. Should we be safe and live by a lake in the mountains, or is there something else?
Still, ten months later, I still have days where I cannot believe that this is my reality. That my child is dead. I am happier now, but there are still days where that pain is just below the surface. Now that I am pregnant again, I find it resurfacing even more. The tears are easier to surface. I miss my old self, the ability to be blissfully excited about this new life growing within me. I am overjoyed to have this chance to bring our third child into this world, but I'm moving forwardly cautiously with a heart that is afraid to get broken again.
because candy makes any note sweeter :)
Lets see what our fab DT have been up to this time...
Monday – Chest and Back (60 min), Ab Ripper (15 min)
We talked to the new general manager at WHMP and "The River," David Musante. He's the son of the former mayor, and has only been on the job for a couple of weeks. He said I wasn't the first call he had gotten complaining about the station's' storm coverage. He said that much of the staff at the station were newly hired, and the storm caught the station off guard. They had just hired new local people like Bob Flaherty and Denise Vozella just so they could beef up their local programming. He said that when the power came back on, they went on with their regular programming, but cut fresh news breaks and updated them hourly and on Sunday afternoon they played a message from acting mayor Narkewicz.
Check out the band here too.
Delightful because the stories are fresh, unexpected and the characters are hilarious. Astonishing because these little 150-page books for middle graders are not completely happy or lighthearted. EVERYTHING starts with the disappearance of the girl's parents and continues with dark disasters to herself and her carekeepers. TROLLS is full of Aunt Sally's creepy stories and her charming antics.
Today has been a good day. The sun is shining, the bugs are out, I got a lot done. DH started his treatment today. I’ll hear more about it later, but he called me right after and said he learned some new things about himself and what had happened. I’m hoping that treatment goes well. He will be going twice a week for three months as a more intensive treatment since his PTSD is pretty bad. I would guess we start the exercises soon. He’s supposed to go out into crowded areas, more and more crowded for longer and longer periods of time. Often the wife goes with them to be like a security blanket, and so I will if he wants me to. I’m pretty sure I will need to just to make sure it gets done.
~ the lightning in Phenomenon (John Travolta)
Moments later, the long, silken hands lifted like graceful swans from the even-tempered opening measure of Chopin’s Scherzo No. 2 in B-Flat Minor only to strike with a fury that caught her audience off guard and swept them into the stormy yet lyrical piece. It was President Noland’s favorite and his special request for the evening.
Projected score: 145-122
How many other Trayvon Martins are there? How many more of our children have died and vanished leaving no imprint because their parents, unlike the parents of Trayvon Martin did not have the wherewithal to hire a lawyer to seek justice for their murdered children?
“This is bad news for global climate change, especially greenhouse gases in the atmosphere. In terms of climate change, we have to decarbonize our energy infrastructure,” he added.
We're definitely higher than the Diamond Back, aren't we?
we've been introducing our fabulous upcoming
The little white dove
Now remember, we left Wisconsin when Nathan was barely 5, Jack was barely 3 and Dallen was about 7 months. So, Dallen has never sledded, Jack has but doesn't remember it, and Nathan only barely remembers it.
they absorb into smiles
So what happens next? Good question. Is it a marketable manuscript? Probably not. At least not in its current form. Too personal. An intriguing storyline I believe, but the main characters bear just a little too much of a resemblance to their creator and his circle.
Me: Ummm….I don’t remember.
We are all settled now in the new house, my fiance and I LOVE IT as does lil George. 'Wooooowwww' to everything in sight.
The beautiful thing about handing over, (and I do recommend reading this book and others of its nature, A Course in Miracles etc, because it’s not necessarily something to grasp from a single blog post) is that it helps me to relax. I along with many of us in this world am inclined to fight, to think I’m a better person or other shite like that, because I’m struuuggulling.
One romance editor at St. Martin’s Press is actively looking for romantic suspense and paranormal romance. Interestingly enough, this desire to add more romantic suspense to a list seems to be universal (me too, me too). The key, I think, is to make sure your hook is there and your suspense is strong, and a little scary. Think Allison Brennan, one of the newest stars in this genre. If she’s the hottest new thing then that’s what everyone else is looking for. Okay, back to St. Martin’s . . . they have a lot of werewolves and vampires and this editor would rather see something fresh. She’s not a fan of futuristic or fantasy titles, but likes beasts and creatures and especially demons. She wants a new twist on vampires and werewolves. She would also like to see (like everyone else) heartwarming women’s fiction that could cross over into romance. Think Debbie Macomber.
I've done it. I've touched them and made up people that strangers have adopted, loved and identified with.
No sooner did I make this pledge than something amazing happened: I saw an ad for OSRCon in my print copy of Fight On #11. I fairly quickly decided that, since I live only three hours south of Toronto, I have no excuse not to attend OSRCon on August 12-13. Furthermore, clearly I should run a couple of Labyrinth Lord games there. Time to start getting my public-DM'ing feet wet!!
(vi) conservation and utilization of surface and ground water
Happy – I have been a lot happier since I have started on this journey.
There are problems, you see. And no easy fix. The seat bolt is stripped and immoveable and needs to be drilled out. But it’s impossible to access it with a from underneath. Normally this might mean just sawing it off (and replacing the seatpost.)
With me running along behind, still shouting “Tickets? Passport?” etc.
A friend stopped over to buy some of my leftover hay and I did a little mowing.
NOTE: Because my chops were 2" thick, I covered the pan and allowed these to poach/cook for about 18 minutes.
Phreak: Never underestimate the power of the scout’s code…
Starbuck can be perceived as the Archangel Michael, and Leoben may be perceived as Archeia Faith.
Another tulip. It's finally warming up here, and it starting to feel like spring. Still very rainy too. I don't care, I'll take it. The cold weather really drags you down after...oh I dunno....5 or 6 months.
“I went in the dressing room to try on some pants,” she said, dabbing at her eyes. “And he said I went in there to cheat on him.”
As far as the taste, I got just a slight fruity taste, but the overriding taste was a spicy, peppery taste. The aftertaste tasted like pure black pepper. Of course, even though I did not like this bottle at all, I did drink the whole bottle, due to my being a tightwad and not wanting to waste the $9 I spent on the bottle.
Woke up early as we need to go to airport for Barcelona.
TWR72 are another act reviving rave, or ‘Future Techno’ as NME dubbed it. Either way, if you come down to 1234, and like electronic dance music, the trio of Stay+, Nguzunguzu and TWR72 will keep your ear drums ringing with the sounds of 1993 for days. They are another band that Crumble hope to catch while we are there.
A moment later, he leaned over and said – “But you know, three seconds is a long time.”
Basic human psychology is that people hate being forced to do something. They really hate it. But when they think they’re doing it themselves they’ll embrace doing that thing that they hated only a minute ago and go even a step further. Think about the American Revolution, we started a war on a 2 cent tax on per metric ton of a breakfast beverage because it was forced on us but when it was our own representatives doing it, hell, let’s tax everything to death! (A little hyperbolic, I’ll admit, but I think you get the point). People are stubborn by nature, but Americans especially have a “bet me” attitude. Another example, when was alcohol consumption highest? When it was illegal. To this day when does the alcohol intake for most people drop radically? The day after they turn 21…when it’s no longer a chance to stick it to the man, it loses a little something.
Albert Grossman, the bulldog-like manager of Bob Dylan, Janis Joplin, and Todd Rundgren, seduced Robertson and convinced him to go behind his fellow bandmate's backs and claim ownership of these songs they wrote together; Grossman and Robertson would split the proceeds. Helm and the rest of The Band had to fight for the rest of their lives to get the benefits they were due. I was stunned at this revelation, but it made sense, especially considering Robertson sang not ONE of the songs the world loved so much. This especially made sense given that Robertson's post-Band output was resolutely not one that belonged to a truly great songwriter;. And let's not forget: when The Band first got together, they were the backing outfit for Ronnie Hawkins, and when that gig ended, they were known as Levon and The Hawks (except for Levon, everyone in the band was Canadian, by the way). Even the faux-generic name The Band was Levon's idea, and on their self-titled second album, he wanted the members to only be listed by their first names (an idea th
I should not be satisfied with the legislation which you suggest. I feel that it would only be tinkering with what is really becoming a fundamental problem for us all, though it is only beginning to push its ugly head above the surface of politics. The figures which we have been given make it clear that we are faced with a problem which, though at at present it may be only a cloud the size of a man’s hand, may easily come to fill the whole political horizon! Indeed, if something is not done to check it now, I should not be at all surprised if the problem became quite unmanageable in twenty or thirty years time. We might well be faced with very much the same type of appalling issue that is now causing such great difficulties for the United States. The main causes of this sudden inflow of blacks is of course the Welfare State. So long as the antiquated rule obtains that any British subject can come into this country without any limitation at all, these people will pour in to take advantage of our social services and other amenities a
Finally take a pure black colour *gasp* yes pure black but remember the little baby we call the blending brush will make it all less scary. Think of your shader/blender as your security, any colour which is over dense can be softened. Just take the plunge and with a small brush add the black to the outer corner and outer half of the socket line. Blend Blend Blend.
I hardly know where to begin...so I'm hoping you and a bunch of other crafters on Craftster.org can help me out. Let's do a swap (you didn't see that coming, did you?!) where everyone crafts their own version of these critters; then I will have a better idea what to do to these three.
I order.
"B.C. has got such an uninspiring lot of leaders who stand for nothing, are willing to stand for nothing," he told me from the Mississippi jail where he’s serving out his five-year term for selling marijuana seeds. All play the waiting game, he says, waiting for the other to collapse.
Thanks so much for stopping by and have a great weekend.
The greatest threat of infringement litigation appears to come from competitors at a similar level on the value chain, the study also showing that neither the small size of an SME nor the large size of a company’s patent portfolio can guarantee immunity from suit.
In the end, I wound up wearing the jacket to the Walk, ignoring the great risk of looking like a fool for donning apparel that had been deemed "too young" for me. I'm wild like that. But even if I had been the slightest bit worried about looking foolish, that fear would have vanished quickly enough. When we arrived at the site we saw hundreds of other walkers, many wearing "team" shirts that proclaimed support for loved ones. Suddenly I remembered what the walk was all about. Childhood cancer.
Your lust I embrace more than your love.
Total fat 1.5 g 3%
I served my salsa verde with pan-fried haddock pieces & oven baked potatoes.
A6 59 Times The Pain - As You Move Along
But Athelstan was too intent on other things to pay attention to his host; for, hanging on the wall at the end of the room, dwarfing the tawdry background of the Bloomsbury lodging house, was the picture he had come to see.
a house of prayer for all nations”.
It saddens me to see a beautiful life art-form and science-of-life misunderstood and misinterpreted. But I guess that is what we humans tend to do. If we are a people that can crucify a holy man, we can also easily throw out the proverbial baby with the bathwater.
Hat fits a 21-22 inch head
The creation of the Bible is a story of evolution. Oral traditions written down over centuries, edited, compiled, edited again, redacted, pieced with other texts and eventually recognized as a canon. Its stories, commands and prophecies reflect a similar evolution in the view of God.
than it would to transport it all back downstairs.
I for one did not want to end up in last chair. So I took the music home and practiced it very hard every day for a whole week. Well, I did miss two days. But I practiced consecutively for five days for about an hour every day. That is a lot, considering that it was my violin. If I were practicing voice I could sing for about two to three hours easily.
Waist : 12"
The set up of the buffet can make or break an experience. Always try to have it set double-sided if the room size will permit this. No one likes to wait in line for 20 minutes to fill their plate when it is single sided. Also try to have the utensils rolled up in the napkins so that there is less clutter on the table. This works especially well when the attendees will come on a flow basis as opposed to all at one time. Again, if the location size will allow for the meal to be spread out set up the plates and utensils at one table, the salads at another, the entrees and side dishes on the main line and then have a separate station for coffee and desserts. This makes the experience feel more interactive for the guests. It will also alleviate long lines at any one station.
“We need to undo the screw to get the back of the iron off and sort out the coil behind the aluminium plate,” I say, having just discovered this on some obscure website.
and Converse high tops.
Election day 2004 from the perspective of voters. Simple idea really, but coordinating crews in 16 different cities must have been quite an undertaking. No revelations or big lessons learned. Just the experience of people voting all over the country: long lines, officials somewhat ignorant of election rules, idealism, apathy, etc. Not a stunning movie, but interesting throughout and a good document for history.
When we give, our heart gets into the picture and that’s what makes the whole package more meaningful, more beautiful.
Basically, Wolfmother is an energetic, booze filled epic journey of badassness. The album opens with Colossal, a not-so-suggestive-at-all-named track which sets the tone for the entire record. You know from its first chords what to expect, and that, in my opinion, is a pretty fucking nice thing for an album that is not meant to be taken seriously. I like my things neat and clear.
Thank you for participating in the poll.
So the sign says "House For Sale".
The Works – Italian sauage, pepperoni, fresh mushrooms, red peppers and onions (regularly $10.95)
our 1st project was to make a seamed hat--more of a winter cap. i used merino wool in some lovely colors for my 1st hat. it's made using a garter stitch and is super easy to do.
Agents now are only allowed to sit about 10 metres away from where polling takes place. Wong argued that this distance made it close to impossible to identify if the voter was a valid one.
i don't really want to blog until the new site is up
I've not read the book so I cannot recite
Find out what men really mean when they say...
I want to be Rockin’ Around The Christmas Tree
I said, "Driver, how fast can you drive?
Maybe it's because we are so much alike, or maybe because we are so different. It just clicks. I've never been more happy that he came back to that bar the second week to see if I happen to be still sitting on that bar stool.
4. knit and sew and learn to crochet
Pursued by hidden enemies, and in a desperate race against time, she attempts to discover the whereabouts of a missing girl and unlock the magic within her amethyst necklace. On her journey, she meets Tom, a boy as lost as she is, and together they try and find their way home.
how to survive more days in the month
Unit 2: 17 – 19 November 2011
(p. 158 Food Everyday cookbook) (Food Everyday p. 279)
Yeah, I’m profilic – proflic – prolicf – I write a lot.
1/2 tspn saffaron
This is a textbook example of Eurocentrism and Whiteness in action--and the irony here is priceless. Pursuant to this new law, children of color and their parents in Arizona should sue to demand that funding be cut off to most public schools because from American history to English to Science and the Arts, the curriculum as presently taught devalues people of color, encourages White solidarity, is designed to reinforce Whiteness as the "normal" and "preeminent" state of being, and generates resentment on the part of those left out of America's grand narrative.
Recently I’ve had to deal with telephone customer support. This of course is an activity that most rational human beings avoid like the plague. Generally speaking I’d rather endure toenail surgery without anesthesia than spend time dealing with “customer service”. Unfortunately the problem was that I was unable to watch the latest Game of Thrones on HBO and that is a DEFCON ONE crisis. All of a sudden I started receiving the following message on the HBO channels: “Your TV does not support this programs content protection. Replace the HDMI cable with component cables.” Since there may be children in the room, “WHISKEY TANGO FOXTROT!!!”
A copy of Microsoft 2010 (value $119)
When I was offered the job at the Beverage Company I was told, "And the day starts at 7am." I began laughing because it sounded absurd. Crazy Eddie started laughing too and added, "Sometimes earlier!!"
In the same outdoor lot, I found this fur stole, and at first I wasn't sure it would work with black accessories, but it did. I guess you'd call this faux fox, but honestly, what I know about fur you could squeeze into a thimble. Maybe it's time to learn. Not bad for $15. The best part about it is that it really glows.
One of the few films to properly examine the obscure affliction known as "Waking Up Goth," or, as it's called in the stranger parts of Manitoba, "Irritable Bauhaus Syndrome," the erudite Once Bitten playfully probes the overnight pale phenomenon with the warmth of over-lubricated dildo. Gently poking infrequently traveled confines is one thing, creating an avant-garde tribute to luridness that both conservative families and W.U.G. suffers can enjoy is quite another. A herculean challenge to be sure, but I thought the lighthearted film by Howard Storm was able to balance this heady criteria rather deftly, as it entertains and illuminates in an equal and evenhanded manner. Whether it's being a no-holds barred vampire comedy, or an enlightening glob of synergistic trumpery, the film never once panders or talks down to its audience. Which is weird for something appears to be so stupid on the surface. However, the surface is just a thing's outer coating, to really understand the nitty-gritty of something, you have to look deep into its in
29. Proletarian Strategy Part 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, argues that the strategy of the statist Left is useless. It relies on what Marx described as “guerilla tactics”, from which it hopes to make incremental gains in its membership, ready for some cataclysmic revolutionary upheaval. It disdains attempts to change property relations through Co-ops in the meantime. No war in history has been won by such tactics.
"Because of this decision we don't evaluate people by what they have or how they look. We looked at the Messiah that way once and got it all wrong, as you know. We certainly don't look at him that way anymore. Now we look inside, and what we see is that anyone united with the Messiah gets a fresh start, is created new. The old life is gone; a new life burgeons! Look at it! All this comes from the God who settled the relationship between us and him, and then called us to settle our relationships with each other. God put the world square with himself through the Messiah, giving the world a fresh start by offering forgiveness of sins. God has given us the task of telling everyone what he is doing. We're Christ's representatives. God uses us to persuade men and women to drop their differences and enter into God's work of making things right between them. We're speaking for Christ himself now: Become friends with God; he's already a friend with you." - 2 Corinthians 5:16-20, The Message
I interrupted to let him know he’d groveled sufficiently and that I’d let him know when I’d finished his new avatar. Here’s what I created:
patience, my friends.
JO: The last time we recorded an album was in a garage, small studio, we did it all live in the first take, and it only took us 6 hours. We were mixing the whole night before the day we released it.
That's right, it is a 3-day intensive (and I mean INTENSIVE!!) workshop where we will be covering aspects of shooting/posing/lighting, workflow/editing, and business/branding. I am not joking when I say this will be a very packed 3 days - the syllabus is very full, with ALOT of information to take in, and then apply and execute, so expect your brain to be hurting a little by the end of it all :)
A yellow car pulls up in a puff.
I'd sit at my computer and not realize that my hand had strayed to the spot until tiny curls rained down onto my shoulders, rolled off my left arm, and patterned my white keyboard with small black coils and twists; little c's and o's not of Mac's design. Enough. Time and time again I vowed to stop. I'd stop on my birthday, or on New Years, or after the birth of my first child, my second child the first day of spring the last day of winter. I could not stop twisting my damn hair. Once, I sat watching tv and at 8:45 I vowed I wouldn't twist for 15 minutes. When I found my fingers in my hair and looked at the time, it was 8:45.
Just me and you
This is the hair mustache. My husband decided that my little cloth doll I was working on needed a mustache. I am ashamed to admit that the nest he fashioned this stache out of came from my brush. I kind of like it...I think I'll keep it around.
Sound like fun? So here's the challenge for the Guest DT spot for January 2012.
So many great idea's to show the amazing moms/grandma's/stepmoms/mom-in-laws/women in our lives how much we love and appreciate them! Now I've just got to figure out what I'm going to do and get it done :)
This was a relatively small area of several hundred acres. It was opening day, and an army of hunters had the elk blocked in. They were running from one end of the wooded area to another. In short order they were overheated, gasping for air, and panting for water. The air was cold and their bodies hot; that is what produced the steam. So thick was the steam that I could not identify the elk in the great mist; I could only watch the cloud move along the forested area. It was amazing.
The Stooges – Have Some Fun: Live At Ungano’s
I don't really have a usual. Usually try and hang out with some friends outdoors grilling/BBQ'ing. I typically manage to bring an awesome dessert along, like last years 100% from scratch red/white/blue vanilla cake with strawberry filling and homemade frostings (both buttercream and fondant):
Goodbye
Do the words puff pastry make you cringe? It did to me at first when I started scouring all sorts of recipes online for puff pastries…length of time..Holy moly some took upwards to 36 hours to make! That is not my kind of baking/making or cooking. I like short, sweet and for the most part as easy as it can be with the best taste possible. I came across a rough puff pastry dough recipe and decided this is where my brain needs to begin…sure it still took me a few hours to make these beauties from start to finish, but talk about worth every minute, not to mention that cooking and baking relax me. (I know I am weird, right?)
After you reach level 140, no scrolls out of Ani’s box are obtainable anymore.
So, you've done it! You’ve moved to France and by some miracle, landed a job that will give your life meaning and line your pockets cash! Yay, good for you! That, already, is some feat. Before you get too excited, be prepared for some cultural differences, good and bad, that will make this experience unlike any job you've had in the States.
As the years passed though, and the more I saw and read about the disaster, that feeling of acute doom dispersed. It still feels eerie watching footage of the disaster but, and if you can forgive the term, my feelings towards Chernobyl have mutated. I've became immersed in the story and the mystery, and place of north Ukraine have become very much a long term interest. And that's what this post is really about. We can get wrapped up in the romance of Chernobyl and nuclear fallout, as if it's just some cosplay for people to dress up for at the weekends, but real people are still suffering from all this, 25 years on. For me, the illustration above would have an extra picture included about Armageddon at the top but other than that it's a true personal reflection. That doesn't mean I feel bad about that though, but one does sometimes need to step back and think about the realities of life.
You should definitely check out the original post and Maslow’s theory.
Gary bought the apartment from his parents 20 years ago and is on his fourth remodel of the space. He is clever with the design and with the use of natural light. He uses a combination of reflective metal, mirrors and large floor to ceiling yellow glass windows to increase the light value in his apartment. It’s really pretty amazing how the warm yellow glass windows flood his apartment with sunlight even on an overcast day. A very smart idea by an innovative, creative thinker. I’m impressed, are you?
During my teens, and into my early twenties, I would spend up to eight hours a day here; this is where all the local booters session. It was great to know that if I went to Salem there would always be someone skating there. This park became the starting point for all of our crews sessions, no matter where we were going to skate that day.
All the above is hard fact, not supposition, and of course should be the basis of interviews with the seedy, lying psychopaths at the center of this demented, wrecking ball of a war that turned out to be a snipe hunt.
Murder! was Alfred Hitchcock's third sound film, and it bears plentiful evidence of the young director experimenting with form and style, livening up what's otherwise a routine and glacially paced murder mystery. The theater actress Diana Baring (Norah Baring) is found one night sitting beside the corpse of one of her fellow actresses, swearing that she doesn't remember killing the girl. Nevertheless, it seems to be an open-and-shut case, and she's promptly convicted and placed on death row. Only after the trial is over does one of the jurors, Sir John Menier (Herbert Marshall), have second thoughts about letting himself get talked into going along with the guilty verdict. He begins investigating the case himself, hoping to uncover evidence of Diana's innocence. The film's plot is simple and schematic, and the pace is almost painfully plodding, with one inert scene after another walking Sir John closer to the solution. The performances are mostly not bad, but it's Hitchcock's budding visual imagination and subtle sense of humor that
I say in his prime, but even after his golden years at Barcelona (in which he won EIGHT individual awards in 1999 – including World Footballer of the Year, European Footballer of the Year and the Ballon d’Or), Rivaldo continued playing at (almost) the highest level up to the present day.
This past week I've been working on a sermon from Psalm 16, a beautiful golden jewel of a psalm. Some commentaries argue that the crux of the psalm is in verse 8, where it says, "I have set the Lord always before me, because he is at my right hand, I shall not be shaken." I've been pondering what it means to mindfully keep the Lord day by day in the very center of our lives, indeed, of our very souls. What it might look like for me.
Global Coordinator
“You’re not? Oh, that is too funny. I just assumed. Oh, hold on,” she said.
Why is he semi-naked,
It’s helpful to read Anthony Ogden’s article “The View From the Veranda: Understanding Today’s Colonial Student,” which lays down a challenge to the education abroad industry in the USA in fairly controversial terms. Of course, it’s not hard to find evidence of a consumer mentality in student exchange, and study abroad programs often find the need to balance the marketable appeal of certain features of the program with the programs’ goals to educate students about the world and foster intercultural understanding. Ogden’s fear is that students are too frequently buying an experience, for its interesting culture, for the language learning, for the broadened perspective even, and are not often enough participating in an intercultural exchange where the hosting community gains as much from having the student as the student gains from being there. And in fact, the students may not even gain that much from the experience if they are either overwhelmed by the cultural differences they encounter, or given too little exposure
2 Filets Trout
I'm not sure what color I will go with, but I will be using this book for inspiration.
So how many people died that day? (“The Levites did as Moses commanded, and that day about three thousand of the people died.” (Exodus 32:28))
Moose could not bear to watch the few glimpses of the anniversary coverage she happened to catch on TV over the weekend. It was too much, she said, and it brought up too much sorrow, not only for what was lost on that beautiful morning ten years ago but for all the tragedies and nightmares unleashed in the wake and too often in the name of that morning. The visuals were just too intense. In the car, though, on the way to and from the wedding, the Moms kept the radio tuned to NPR and so heard much of its coverage, made bearable, perhaps, by the soothing voices and the absence of high-definition images of the World Trade Center towers gently -- or so it looks, in slow motion -- sinking to the ground.
And that’s another thing the Iberoamerican selection in both festivals have in common: about 90% of them will never be screened again in this country after their brief festival runs. Fortunately, both festivals have year-round programs that give these films another chance to find an audience: the Chicago Latino Film Festivals’ Film in the Park and Reel Club series and the Chicago International Film Festival’s International Screenings Program.
sometimes I want to have a full conversation
8 Lovely Town
This guy is all about maintaining a strong frame and controlling every step of the “getting to the next level/closing” process, so that the close and leveling is pretty much a no brainer “YES” from the woman. He’s not gonna come right out and ask you for the digies even though you know eventually he will. He’s not going to come right out and say you look “hot” or whatever. He’s not going to be TOTALLY direct about his intentions until he has you in the palm of his hands. You know ladies that guy where he is talking to you about everything under the sun and God knows what and you know he is going to try to level but he’s basically teasing you and all you can think about is saying “SHUT UP AND ASK FOR MY PHONE NUMBER ALREADY DAMMIT!”.
203 East 10th Street
Islamics hate us because we have not submitted to Islam.
This was another super quick card! These borders look SO real! On this one, I have heat embossed it in white and it really pops doing that!
When a new relationship shows up in your life, which of your fears surface? Do you seek to understand where these fears stem from, or do you repress them hoping they’ll go away?
For many years I’ve been telling folk tales and fairytales to children, especially around Halloween time, and one of my (and their) favourites is a story from the Lincolnshire fen country called ‘The Dead Moon’. In brief, it’s the tale of how the Moon herself came down one night to see the dangerous boggy fens, full of corpse- candles and dead folk and other creeping horrors - and was seized by the bogles and pulled down into the bog so there was no more moonlight to help travellers find their way. How the story ends you can find out in Katharine Briggs ‘A Dictionary of Fairies’.
*Seven's for $30 at TJMAXX - Score (although, I have this odd feeling they aren't REAL Sevens, but I honestly don't care because they were soooo comfortable when I tried them on)
"Fucking hell, how old is she?"
I squint. I 'yook' while trying to look muscular, in case this sleeping intruder is bigger than me. You know, I go into protective Mama Bear mode.
fun fun!
The quotes below are taken from a UK edition of The Demon Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark by Carl Sagan and Ann Druyan (ISBN: 0747251568, Headline Book Publishing, 1997).
(7)Occupation:
Being a rainy day today, the little boys and I have spent the most of it inside and puzzles were a go to activity of choice. I vowed that today was going to be super unproductive given I'm nursing a sore ankle and I'm exhausted from a busy weekend, but I couldn't bring myself to shove the puzzles back in the same messy state that they've been kept in.
What advice would you give aspiring writers?
You might think that since I'm going to a conference about blogging this week, I might just... I don't know, UPDATE my blog? Obviously not.
1) We have a small house on a small lot. Our 1400 square foot home is on a lot that's only 0.06 acres. You can imagine the house takes up most of the lot.
Below is the graphic I used. I just edited out the background and reversed the image. Then I printed it on my laser printer and used CitraSolv to transfer it.
* I have tickets to go out to California to see my sister and niece this summer. I can’t wait to see that little girl. God, I miss her!!
So I have redone the excel file and now it shows the pattern for each key in each octave.
We are all Made to Worship; to experience and live lives of love, obedience and surrender to God that flow from our relationship with Him. This is what worship is really all about.
Dr.: What’s changed? Why do you think things are better?
His grin ignited a need in her that no career could satisfy.
Today, the Playland Arcade faces a broad empty field and has been abandoned for many years. Inside the arcade, an army of raccoons and cats has taken over. If not for the freezing winter weather, the stench of their urine would be overwhelming. Hundreds of empty cat food containers litter the floor. Large sections of ceiling have come down, allowing rain and snow to rot the interior. Collapsing walls are propped up by police barricades. Trees grow in the squalor.
Perhaps the most powerful element of the filmmaking alchemy is editing. Margaret's editing has been much commented on, but most commentators fixate on the fact that it took half a decade for the current cut to be arrived at by Lonergan and his editors (Anne McCabe is credited as editor, but apparently Dylan Tichenor, Thelma Schoonmaker and even Martin Scorsese had their hands in cutting at various points in the process.) Many of the film's reviews take for granted that Margaret's editing was never satisfactorily completed. Even certain positive notices start from this assumption, and make claims for the film's successful aspects as achieved in spite of flawed editing choices. If this seemed a justifiable reading after a single viewing of the film, a second made it seem ludicrous unless coming from the perspective of a supporter of the continued homogenizing of American narrative filmmaking.
And lastly . . .
This was a fascinating one. Check out the entries here. I asked each entrant to suggest a method whereby I could pick as randomly as possible. I would then choose the method I preferred and then use it to determine the winner.
In the state leaders meeting of the BRICS just closed in New Delhi, India proposed a series of positive proposals, hoping deepening the relations of the BRICS, strengthening cooperative mechanism of these countries and enlarging the role of the international economy and political life of these countries, which again embodies India’s all-round diplomatic policy. Therefore, it is groundless to think its “Look East Policy” and the American strategy of eastward transfer are converging.
Our esteemed President has also weighed in on the subject - three guesses on which side he's taking! The DNC also apparently has a horse in this race, because they are organizing their little guts out in the Madison community these days. Twittering twit Michael Moore has also piped up, of course, likening Wisconsin to the New Cairo, and called Gov. Walker "Mini-Mubarak". There are plenty of "Recall Walker" signs to support Moore's idea, but it's highly doubtful Walker will resign over this, so hopefully they aren't getting their hopes up too high. Fascinating how they are all working together, no? Obama, unions, and the DNC all in lockstep arm in arm - how cozy....
Dress: D&G by Dolce & Gabbana
Lastly, before I log off…
Padded top.
“Judson.” Sunny’s weakened body drifted farther into Judson’s as his fingers glided down her arms, pulling them to her sides where their fingers intertwined. He forced them behind her before his tongue thrust into her mouth.
By that time, news had started to come in about the 8.2-magnitude earthquake in Indonesia. What I had experienced was a tremor from the major earthquake. My husband – who had felt the quake along with his colleagues – and my parents from Ahmedabad – who had seen the news on TV – called to enquire if I was alright, and soon, cossetted in the comforting warmth of family, the panic of a few minutes before was gone. The panic had been replaced by something else, though – a pang in the heart at memories of the Gujarat earthquake on January 26, 2001.
She and the escorts had now escaped the protester, as they were now on the clinic’s private property. “You don’t have to pay attention to anything she says, she’s just trying to mess with your mind,” said the younger escort. Tori put the pamphlet in her coat pocket to open the heavy glass door to the health centre.
In a mixing bowl, combine chicken with all ingredients of marinade, cover and refrigerate until needed. (I let it sit in the marinade for about 3 hours, but you could even do it overnight if you wanted.)
Sticking my hand in a wolf trap.
2/3 cups whole wheat pastry flour
The onslaught began in the second quarter, as Georgia scored 24 unanswered points to lead 34-0 at the half. To that point, Tech’s only brush at an offensive score came midway through the second quarter after a drive stalled and the Jackets attempted a 49 yard field goal. Attempted being the operative word here, as Boss Bailey flicked aside Luke Manget’s kick.
One year later, I am good. I am happy. I have a stronger testimony of the Plan of Salvation. I am a bit nervous about life and how short it is. I know it's inevitable but I don't want to feel that pain again of losing someone I love. It's hard to be left behind. I am looking forward though. I feel like a chapter in my book is closing and a new one is about to begin. President Hinckley said, "Life is to be enjoyed, not endured". I plan on doing just that.
So I went looking for these huge issues that only Democrats could solve and Republicans were trying to make worse. Since this is a big issue (or you would think so from the media hype) it should be easy to find these lists of problems/injuries. Guess again.
Day 1. Savona.
I happily call myself an asshole. It takes less time and requires less explanation than “I’m just not very evolved yet”. And it’s a swear, and I think swearing is funny.
For 17 years I followed Ellis's trail through moves, affidavits stating he was who he said he was, and doctors' exams. And then, "DEAD." In 1907 Ellis took his own life. Perhaps the senile debility played the largest part in his choice but I can't help but think that he was worn out from dealing with his health problems.
Sporting facilities!
mountain ridge.
Like anything else, you have to make an effort! Go for it.
Into the iron arteries of Calvin.
I had a whole other title planned for this post, but, well, it wasn't quite appropriate. Moving on.
ADDI is one of the rare opcodes that can operate directly on a memory address, without having to load the value into a register first. This is a good thing, since the work done inside the interrupts must be absolutely minimal, we have very few clock cycles available before the proton beam has finished resetting. Next, interrupts must be enabled via the status register. In my original init code, I initialised this register to 0×2700 as per some sample code, with little thought as to what it was up to. I’ve found some information about its bits:
I had to stifle my laughter. But, really, I felt sorry for the guys at the counter. They happen to be young guys working in this store - really nice, and get the job done, but, honestly a little too nice with a customer like this. I wondered how many hours she had been at that counter...and how many trips she had made from her home to the paint store and back. And how many painters were waiting for her at home while she struggled to pick the right colors.
-Corey. Human snuggie.
For those who might not know, and there should be a few, Gilby is most famous for being the backup guitarist for Guns & Roses when Izzy quit the band. Lets go over that, his biggest achievement in this world is having been a replacement guitarist.
I’m afraid that when I get a report like that, the cynic in me comes out because over the years I can count on one hand the number of calls, described just like this, that actually turn out to be as given. Usually, there is a perfectly conscious person at the end of the trip. Conscious, breathing and laying on the floor waiting to be rescued for something that is nothing to do with the initial 999 request.
I will definitely be teaching these cupcakes in my cupcake class this Fall. It is so easy. All you have to do is take butter cream icing, use blue food coloring for color, insert a teddy graham in the candy peach ring, place it in the blue icing swirl, and if you want put a mini umbrella on top of the cupcake for an extra smile. So easy and great for summertime parties! ~
“Not unlike Hitler’s later nazification programs for German Youth, exemplified in the Hitlerjugend, the Young Turks now launched a program of nationalist indoctrination an paramilitary training for Turkish youth.” (The Burning Tigris, Pg 163).
Along with getting accepted to graduate school Lucy has also met a guy in England who she is quite fond of. From the tiny bit that she has told me I would say she is in love, but if you knew Lucy you would know that me saying that would make her mad. Until this guy Lucy didn’t even know she was capable of being a sappy love-sick girl. They do adorable things like fall asleep together on Skype. It’s quite romantic if you ask me, but what do I know?
The theme for this month’s i {heart} papers Design Team challenge was pretty loose: all we had to do was use some of NEW stuff that Kate’s been getting in from the Summer CHA buying spree. Not difficult at all, if you ask me!
Death’s seventeen-year-old apprentice, Nathaniel, comes into his own as he leads an uprising against the Devil with the help of a half-dead wraith and a giant hit-man. What results is a bloody, brutal revolt that calls upon the loyalties of both the living and the dead.
-To enter, either post this giveaway's URL on tumblr, Blogger, Twitter or Facebook:
BBM as a Corporate Messaging Tool (via Mobile Fusion)
... and various other pieces, including, but not limited to, a burt's bees lip balm, two necklaces, a book about U2, various chocolates, two christmas activity books (mom's idea of a joke?), and a book about good decisions from one of my grandmothers.
I.C.A. London 18th October 1976
bluetooth adapter for car The Dension car dock for iPhone is a custom designed cradle, which combined with the ‘Car Dock Mode’ app (available on the App Store) enables you to make the most of your iPhone on the move. Dension Car Dock turns your iPhone 4, 3GS or 3G into a control centre for all your in car communication and entertainment needs.
Here is a better picture which was my Steam profile avatar when my name was “Peppermint Starfarts.”
April 08, 2011
See that she is both happy and free!
the computer they are typing on was most likely made in a sweatshop.
I believe in grilling season; in learning new recipes and trying them out. I believe in a perfectly marinated pieced of meat. I believe in pork chops, burgers, brats, grilled pineapple and any vegetable you can think of.
There’s that question again.
Good God's Urge
Unsurprisingly, our hotel was packed with librarians, too, and every day more tote bags replaced purses and suitcases. By the time the trade show floor opened, the bags were stuffed with books and posters. It was heartening to see the distinctive red Sisters in Crime bags amongst those from publishers and distributors.
I usually start sipping the coffee before I've even made it from the coffee shop to the car, but I always stash the scone for later. After a few hours when all my music starts to sound the same and the scenery becomes dull and drab, I reach for the scone and break off a corner. The first bite is always a crescendo of excitement for a much needed diversion.
If you are reading this, plummeting space junk has not pulverized you. Yeah, you!
:: An Unconditional Icebreaker ::
Q: What are the inconveniences of living as a celebrity? Is it bearable?
I continue to look out over the school-like desks. It’s brighter in here. The walls are a little more friendly, the fluorescent lights aren’t quite so condescending. Lucky for them. What a great learning environment. There are a lot of peppy, go-getter bodies in the room. Noted.
Five Hours Earlier...
Tell me how you edit. Can I copy you?
My little man has quite the head of curls and I love it. Problem is it is starting to get a little too long. When it is wet it is a full blown mullet. He needs a haircut bad , but it just makes me sad to cut these sweet curls.
forever fresh, yearning
Getting back to the BN, I'd guess Robinson didn't tell managing editor Clark that she was ignoring a newsworthy story, so I take his claims at face value. But it's also clear that she was less than forthcoming with him, and I informed him about this via email. The question is, will he do anything about it?
How could they have been so wrong?
I just talked with Michael from the jail. He was never shown a warrant, even after asking numerous times for it. He is not being charged with anything. He was arrested as a "witness" and has a bail hearing in the morning. For what? He's been out of jail for over a month, obviously he is not a threat, and isn't going anywhere.
- sunflower oil
2. I would recommend using a serrated steak knife to cut the squash in half. Then place a half on a plate and nuke it in the microwave for 5 minutes or so, and do the same with the other half. Beware: the pieces are extremely hot after being microwaved (clearly I have a Ph.D. in Thermodynamics) so handle with caution.
“Silva sustains a solid mystery that manages to keep readers engaged throughout the many plot twists and turns. A well-constructed story that lays a promising foundation for the rest of the series.” — Kirkus Reviews (starred review)
The 2nd photoshoot yesterday was of a 3.5 year old boy. His specialty was that he had a slight form of autism, which made this shoot one of the more interesting shoots, as it is both more challenging, but mostly as well more rewarding to take pictures, as those kids have some very cool impressions.
My last job, however, was different. I was getting worse and had to take sick days once a month as a minimum. My doctors appointments and tests lasted a whole morning and my boss kept asking me if I was feeling alright because I started looking like a zombie.
Every trip when I say goodbye and hug them one more time.
Movin' on. Grabbed a ticket from Lenny. Got to the bar. Unfortunately, it was too packed to see what beers were on tap on the other end of the room. Fortunately, Chris was on that end of the bar. A quick call to him and our decision was made (that Beer Town Austin is so helpful). We were bad crawlers and ordered NB Ranger IPAs (Sofia did not want a Winter Stout, I blame her). Chatted with Beer Town Austin, Josh and Sarah.
The point here is not that we should expect Wal-Mart or Microsoft to do business like this. The point is that Christians should be governed by an unselfishness and heart for people that guides them in their business dealings. It is never the case that any part of our lives is "just business." Indeed, God is our business, and we are glorify Him in our business dealings.
I have noticed that this type of activity does go on.
Oh, you've tried to learn. Every time you glance that blinking light on the machine -- signaling that it's out of paper -- and you sense somebody is about to fill the machine -- you try to run over there as quickly as you can to glimpse how they do it. But you've never been able to get there in time. There were a couple times that you rushed over so frantically that you got strange looks. So you stopped doing that.
We must remember the Good Part is on the inside and even though it manifests in all types of cuteness and swagger on the outside...the Good Part remains on the inside of all of us...
In the few hours here and there that I felt half way to normal, I managed to finish my Grandpa's quilt! Hooray! I even managed to get it quilted over at Mrs. Friendly-Neighbour's house on her mid-arm quilting machine. It was a TON of fun! I have only ever played on long arm machines at the quilting shows and crafty fairs, so to actually use one and quilt my own quilt was very satisfying! I think I did not too badly for my first time ever! My Mom sewed the binding no for me and now I just have to label it and do the hand stitching of the binding before I drop it in the mail.
I have to admit, I’m not ready for you and me.
Christian, the world is watching.
"You mean forty one people got shoes because of you?" he asked, amazed.
You know how to love me hard
Year of Release: 1968
I'm thinking I would have loved to have had my baby shower photographed.
B: The Northwest Ordinance (1787). . . . .pg. 223
I know we tend to think of “the olden days” as a time when women necessarily married for money and then pined away for love all the rest of their days, but in the 19th century ideas of romantic love and “companionate marriage” were superseding the old patriarchal model of arranged, economic marriages. This was the golden age of all things sentimental. I can’t listen to this song without laughing, but if I were a Victorian lady, I’d probably be bawling my eyes out.
Christmas 1979 – Wild Billy Childish and The Musicians Of The British Empire
Something is wrong with the souls of Chicago's dead. Ghosts are walking the streets, and Maddy's boss wants her to figure out why. At the same time, the pact that Maddy unwittingly made with the local werewolves comes back to bite her when their alpha is kidnapped. As Lucifer's heir, she should be able to discover who-or what-is responsible for both occurrences, but the fallen haven't been too happy
leaves and paprika.
For a while there, it looked like the end of the world. You couldn’t kill a zombie with bullets or knives or poison. A samurai sword through the spleen did nothing. Running them over with a semi did slow them down, but not for long. Thanks to the mutation, the undead felt almost no pain and healed almost immediately. They were almost indestructible.
Piñatas have always been a children’s birthday party staple. Children squeal in delight while holding their goodie bags, waiting for that one big whack of the bat to burst open the piñata and shower them with candy and prizes.
Isn't this kit yummy? Wouldn't it be great if there were a bundle for all of the fantastic extra goodies?
As a fan I also listen and watch sports television and I've been a fan of Michael Landsberg for quite a while. He is the host of the TSN sports show, Off the Record, and was the host of the game last night!
1) Glimpses of paradise
Picture the scene: It is Wednesday morning – early. I am up and mentally going over the list of things I need to do. My sister is due to arrive at 11:00 am. Then Susan Renaud is leading a three-part regression out of my house. I did pretty much all the cleaning I needed to do. Just maybe some re-arranging is left, but there is plenty of that.
“Ok, sweetheart. I’ll do as much as I can for you before I leave.”
getting comments on my blog
Remember how I set out to shop smarter this year and with a budget in mind? Ya, so far the plan isn't working. Time to set boundaries. Publicly. Now I'll be held accountable. Here's what I have in mind:
- Answer applicants with a screening process, info, etc.
I should be ecstatic. I did text a few people to let them know my good news, and heard happy replies from all. Bless my dear friends hearts, Camaree and Kyle even took me to dinner to celebrate at my new favorite restaurant in Parowan Utah, called the "Dairy Freeze" - just an FYI they have the best ice cream ever! But alas, my fire has gone out. Now I am just a glowing ember in the pit of once was a blazing fire. Maybe student teaching (FOR REAL) this time will ignite my glowing ember into a full fledge fire, or it could just burn out completely. Only time will tell, but if I burn out it's okay because I have been making other plans - "when plan B doesn't work out there are 25 other letters in the alphabet."
Me: "Not even close."
John Caliber is an artist, writer, colourist, letterer and editor now venturing into the self-publishing market (comic books, Judge Dredd reference books). He's the author/designer of two-dozen highly-regarded Judge Dredd roleplaying books and as well as another Dredd-related reference book is working on a four-issue mini series, Army Reincarnate, which will launch later in 2012.
Oh! I also made the brooch! Variety!
My friend Zelma is one of the most amazing watercolor artists I know. Her sense of color is clear and true, and she has this incredible way of doing detail without overworking the painting. I absolutely love her work -- go see for yourself, and I guarantee you will love it, too.
For me it is important to love the characters in a book, especially the main heroine. Unfortunately Quincie and her choices quickly changed my opinion of her. She was portrayed as a very mature girl and so it was difficult to accept her attitude and actions. After that it was difficult to keep focused on the story.
The USA may remain the world's leading power, but Europe fades off the global scene and leaves her spot open for Asia. Global affairs will be shaped by the twin pillars of the USA and East Asia, mainly China.
I have just returned from a two-day stay on an island called Koh Samet located about half way between my current residence and the Cambodian border. I had been to Koh Samet a few years previously and that trip proved to be one of those life altering events, bringing with it a lot of pain and changing my expectations about the rest of my life. But that is another story for another time and place.
We’re hitting the part of the year when everything HAS to fall in place. If it doesn’t then we screw everything up. Grades need to be ready soon. Testing starts back up next week. I have to do inventory for the lab supplies. And I’m certain there are going to be meetings out of the Wazoo. (For those of you who don’t know, the Wazoo is a small and secretive hut used by teachers to have very cramped and pointless meetings. It is usually found behind the cafeteria dumpsters.)
We look forward to seeing you here!
A few years ago I wrote about Richard Stanley’s Vodou documentary, “The White Darkness.” I wanted a copy but could not find it on DVD for sale after watching it via Netflix.
M: The kohl in your eyes drives me crazy,
Enough drinking for one day. Coming back on the day after Christmas.
Halloween 2009
Each website is like an archive because they record everything in the hopes that interested potential viewers could come and catch up at any time. This made research much simpler because the networks want you to know all about their shows so they provide a lot of information and videos. The problem was how to make sense of it. I wanted my audience to be anyone who could access the websites themselves (someone the networks would hypothetically be considering themselves when they were creating the websites). But I wanted to organize it in a way that showed my own sense of discerning selection. Below I included my personal contribution which is the comprehensive list of shows that are non-news, non-reality and all of the characters which I compiled using the network websites, the Internet Movie Data Base, and as a baseline for simple concepts for each show, Wikipedia, although I made sure to check that information. I was interested to see that you can easily Google a list of gay television characters which, while not entirely comprehens
Your paragraphs can be as long or as short as you like. Here is my first paragraph:
I loved Asher and Devin. Who wouldn't love these two angels?
Deschutes Brewery was founded in 1988 and has built a reputation for making some of the best assertive beers around. Hop Henge, The Abyss and The Diisident leap to mind. So a beer like Chainbreaker White IPA, with its subtle touches and bright flavors is refreshing twist.
At a cat show with The Geej and our friend Irene. Sundancer, aka "Sunny" is a very large, orange Maine Coon. He is stunningly beautiful. I watch him get judged, then his owner picks him up to carry him back to their carrier table. We chat. I pet the cat. Later, I pass by their table, and Sunny is outside of his carrier, sleepily lying on his back on the table. I want to steal him.
It’s one thing to analyze and study a situation. It’s another to be a part of the problem, with no desire to be a part of the solution. What’s scary is that it’s such an easy trap to fall into. So many people are not builders, they are critics. Consumers. They feel the right to criticize God’s servants from a distance without understanding the context or the person’s heart and motives. And when things don’t meet their approval, they move to the next place and next group of people and begin critiquing all over again.
The Covenant Series is completely addicting. It's to the point where when I saw the author reveal DEITY's summary online this weekend, I squealed and practically jumped through my laptop to get to it! I'm glad that she's been so prolific to date and has so many novels publishing within the next couple of years. I'm also eternally grateful that Spencer Hill Pres is releasing the books so close together, because I'm pretty sure that waiting four years to see how the quartet ends would kill me!
FINALLY.... Jake's ring! He chose to have a thumb ring because of comfort and because it's a reference to Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. He works with his hands/fingers on a daily basis and isn't used to wearing jewelry. I think a thumb ring looks cooler and is an awesome compromise since I didn't think I could talk him into a ring in the first place.
Second, remember who you are and why you’re writing this book. What is your book about? What purpose(s) will it serve? Write your answers down and look at them from time to time as you write. (By the way, it’s OK to want to write a book simply to entertain people; the noblest art has sprung from just such a humble desire.)
ADD THE EGGS ONE AT A TIME TO THE DOUGH AND BEAT UNTIL EACH EGG IS
Very little of this involves arrest and removal to the cells, she would arrange interviews of suspects, with appropriate adults, solicitors and doctors assessments of ‘fitness to be interviewed’ inside the unit.
Shabbat, Bar/Bat Mitzvah, Birthday, Anniversary, Get Well, New Baby/Brit, College Dorm baskets and packages are listed with a wide offering of goodies.
-always hair stuff going on
She's growing up.
Recently I saw this post of an apple inside an orange held by a zipper, so I said why not and created my own version.
But seriously, how do you know?
If low upkeep and expense is appealing to you, then you need to truly take into consideration an electric mower. If you have an electric outlet to charge a battery then you can simply use a cordless mower. Forget about obtaining and storing gasoline at your property.
I vowed to revamp my strategy for the next time.
Here are a few shots of the kids.
“I swear he was dead when we walled him up,” claims the centurion, who asked not to be named. “We cast lots for his clothes. I got his sandals.
My dear brothers and sisters in Christ, please know that God always listens to your prayers, and be aware that He speaks in so many different ways in response to these prayers. Be it through the advice of holy individuals in Scriptures like Christ or Paul, even the suggestions from your mother or peers that align with that of the Bible, or through nature if that is God’s plans to further reveal himself to you. Please do remember this as you continue to communicate to God in this 2-way dialogue. But know that God will respond to you with an answer that you may like or may not; nevertheless, this is God’s will and prepared path for us, and we must recognize that everything he has, is, or will allow in our lives are for our own benefit in our unique growth path toward Him, with our own unique sets of events and blessings. My loving brothers and sisters, do not waste your time attempting to “make things happen” and benefit ourselves by merely praying “in faith” because God knows what is truly in your heart.
I'm going to talk about Taylor Swift. Specifically why I like her so much.
His autobiography, “They Call Me Oil Can,” is scheduled for publication in June. The nickname “Oil Can” came from his beer-drinking days in his hometown of Meridian, MS, where they call beer “oil.”
Until next Sunday, be well.
Ross, thank you.
Because of its 140-character limit, tweeters replace letters with numbers – I waz 42n8 2 c 22 on 2sday; a 1derful m8 – which can be disconcerting for those of us who aren’t fluent in Sudokuese.
The story is about the journey which unfolds the political scenario of rural India. Film starts with hooliganism and clan wars between towns and runs with the love story of Arjun and Parineeti.
Since slowly falling in love with shoes, I have garnered a few pairs. But most of these shoes have to be piled on top of one another in a most unappealing fashion, either on an everyday-use, by-the-door rack or in their boxes above our closet.
Love the blood clot uniform on LaRoche, so I couldn't pass it up when someone made me an offer. The 70s were a messed up time uniform-wise. The Bobby Winkles manager card is great not just cuz of a name like Winkles, but you also have a coach names Salty Parker. Just don't nickname them like that anymore. I had a CRAPLOAD of offers for the Mike Andrews. Only a rookie Mantle would have pried that away. 73 Topps had some amazing pictures.
deceitful and wicked.
A quirky, smart, charming page-turner, Horten's Miraculous Mechanisms will enchant young readers--as well as teachers, librarians, and parents.
I have one friend alive; thou wouldst disprove me.
Landscaping, to include removing grass from sidewalks, replace
To have your picture taken by my grandmother is a great honor, to have your picture taken means you go down in our family history.
Mark Lake, a spokesman for Morgan Stanley, declined to comment, as did spokesmen for Citigroup and Goldman Sachs.
Let’s get this out of the way first – Reproductive Rights:
“Better stop now,” he said softly, leaning over the arm of my couch from his seat on the edge of his.
Australia: Catholic Church marshalls anti-gay marriage army
“Miss Hetherstall! Stop daydreaming, the Amerrit report is due by close today!”
Separation and judgment is melting away now in much of humanity as you all begin to come together and realize that you are the same beautiful energy of Oneness and of Love, simply existing in seemingly different forms.
My love, what can I do to make the whole world love you? Make use once again of this wretched instrument to renew the faith and conversion of sinners.
Oakbrook Terrace - A concert and an outdoor movie will be shown. Police and fire fighters will be on hand, along with their vehicles. This takes place at Heritage Center, 1 S 325 Ardmore, from 6:00 pm to 10:30 pm.
But there is hope: ‘You need to find an experienced literary consultant/marketing expert that can help you with this… If you would like us to arrange this for you, please let me know immediately.’
1) Sony Creative Software Inc
Guess what the eruption never came!
Stunned and hoping for a miracle Peter did his best to stay still even though Abelle made a point of checking on him every few minutes. The pain returned when he saw Abelle opened the door for the room service she ordered, rage coursed through Peter’s body as he heard her joke to the maid about him being exhausted and fast asleep. The pain forced Peter to calm down and clear his mind.
As Don Maass noted not too long ago:
So tomorrow off we go...Louie, the eldest bear was born in Louisiana in 2004, a gift from Mary Ann for my Birthday. He's anxious to get back home for a spell and like me, looking forward to a begniet at Cafe du Monde in New Orleans... It is an original French Market Coffee Stand "World famous for its cafe' au lait, beignets, and the opportunity to people watch." I am salivating just looking at the photo of a plate of Beignets....
I mean what I say, I’m honest,
“She’s pregnant,” he mouthed.
"Any of you who does not give up everything he has cannot be my disciple." Jesus
“No”, she replied,”that will be needed for our two pillows.”
PS. The section of Pedro talking actually lasts about 40 minutes, a fascinating story of his life in tango and in Buenos Aires. I hope we can YouTube it, or at least some longer extracts from it, in the not-too-distant future. It's full of stories, and thoughts about tango as dance and music.
With one end of the cocktail straw cut a hole on the right side of the button top.
I moved here about a dozen years ago. My plan was to stick around for a year and then head for the brighter lights of New York, and a glamorous career in publishing. Instead I've been here ever since. Because as much as I hate this place--and I do, I really, really do--I love it even more. I'm originally from Alabama. I spent my late teens and early 20s in Georgia. I've also lived in Colorado, Virginia, South Carolina, Iran and Kuwait. But if you ask, I'll tell you I'm a San Franciscan.
One of my teachers told my class this back in grade school, and I’ve remembered it ever since. As a society, we have developed the uncanny ability to point fingers, make up white lies, or even shift blame, if it means that we can magically make something not our fault. In reality, people generally appreciate us taking responsibility for our actions instead of creating elaborate stories.
Now though the film as a whole builds a conflict between the wizard Jaffar and his two opponents Ahmad and Abu-- a conflict which leads to an overt combat-- the sultan's horse-riding sequence is subcombative. Once during the sequence the sultan fears that his mount may crash them into a tower, but the dominant mood is one in which the sultan is pleasuably overcome by the particular "might" of the horse, which is its power to fly. It would be no less possible for an isophenomenal film to picture a rider being enthralled by an ordinary horse's power to run, but clearly the affect would be different since the horse was merely doing something common to its species' nature. Here, the mechanical horse inspires the sense of wonder/sublimity in that it's doing something ordinary horses cannot. Going by the definition I provided above, the horse's energy is superior to that of the sultan, even though the two are not engaged in any form of combat; rather, the mechanical horse is displaying its fantastic power for the sultan's delectation.
18. Your background is now ready for your embellishment. Because the surface is so textured, it can be a tricky task sticking it all together. Lately, I have been using E600 which sadly we do not stock...yet....but it is readily available from most good jewellery making suppliers.
May Scheduled Events:
1 tbsp cumin
2 carrots, peeled and diced
'OH MY GOD....AM I REALLY THINKING THESE WORDS!'
Mr Francis said: 'He wasn't screaming, he was as relaxed as can be.
“We could be dealing with illegal connections, under metering, no metering at all but we have to get a better handling on that,” he added.
“They went on a spending spree that would make a drunken sailor blush,” Byron Schirmbeck, director of saferbaytown.com told TheNewspaper. “How can you have a program that’s meant to punish lawbreakers when you’re violating the law yourself?”
Firstly something important to remember is that they didn’t just create Instagram from nothing and turn it into a company valued at $1Bn over night. Their first venture was an app called Burbn, that allowed people to check in different places and then share pictures and video of what you were doing. They admit themselves it was a huge failure. But what is most significant is how it lead them through those mistakes to work on Instagram, with this acquired knowledge. They soon realized that what people liked most about their original idea was sharing images of what they were doing.
While it's fun to switch purses, it's not fun to switch all the contents. I was finding that I was missing stuff because I'd left it in another purse. Totally frustrating to get to the drug store or pet store only to find I'd forgotten my points card ... why have it if you're not accumulating any points?
There it is. Oh, this is so wonderful for a woman who likes lots of light in her kitchen. One flip of the switch and I have it!
Part of me secretly didn't care how they survived the brutal chopping. If they died then at least I could plant what I wanted to plant- at least that is my logic.
2) The Set Up
Jim Rogers is an author, financial commentator and successful international investor. He has been frequently featured in Time, The New York Times, Barron’s, Forbes, Fortune, The Wall Street Journal, The Financial Times and is a regular guest on Bloomberg and CNBC.
Out of breath, super hot and exhausted, I manage to make my way back out and sit on the outside corner for a couple. I was clearly under gunned that day but managed to get a couple.
Itching may occur if the infected people becomes susceptible to antigenic constituents of saliva that lice inject simultaneously supply your head. After feeding the insects generally live in an ambush near the hair until you get hungry again. Then you can in addition pick home remedies such as olive oil, alone or in combination with essential oils, or vinegar. Head lice are becoming harder to destroy. You will feel something itchy on your head now and then.
Woolf may have written about the autobiographical ‘I’ as overshadowing the feminine, but here, in this thesis where as Leigh Gilmore would say, it is ‘not licensed’, it is the autobiographical ‘I’ that is liberating me from the shadows, allowing me to walk back into this thesis that I write.
As the line of storms hit our area, it rained cats and dogs, but not long. Even well before colonial times, superstitious persons believed cats symbolized the rain and dogs the wind; thus, the saying.
Mr. Jones, when distributing: prizes in the games organised by the Silvertown Labour Party's annual outing committee, said: "The Government needs beer badly, and the man who needs it most in the Government is Sir William Joynson-Hicks, the Home Secretary.
With efforts to join our hearts
Rick Santorum – Two words can describe Santorum’s performance: annoyed and annoying. He was annoyed that he is not taken seriously and was annoying when he tried to out-Christian, out-hawk the other candidates. He was completely disrespectful to both Paul and Bachmann.
Roosters 25th St Brewing Co
The band and I played the jigs TWICE during our performance at Riverfront Park last week, just to drive the point home. Unfortunately, I think my protest was mostly ignored by the media and the North Mankato City Council. OK, it was totally ignored. Actually, they had no idea it ever happened.
3) Getting out of bed in the morning, roll onto your side and get up that way. Don’t sit up to get out of bed. Again the discs are swollen more in the morning and sitting increases the compressive force there.
The Ottawa Senators' success in Madison Square Garden over the last few regular seasons meant absolutley nothing Thursday evening during the opening contest of the NHL Stanley Cup Playoffs' quarter-final round. To the Rangers, there is no previous history. There are no prior failures. For the Blueshirts of 2011-2012, there is only right now.
That said, I only spent $3.50 as opposed to $170 and with that kind of savings I am totally okay with a little shine.
Afghanistan’s poverty, illiteracy, religious extremism and other problems were not exclusively caused after the Soviet invasion, rather it’s rooted far back.
Thoroughly refreshing myself during holidays is a source of energy. I had a WONDERFUL time with my friends. Thanks!!!
Inside those books, he said, is information about “the beginning of the collapse of the human race,” which will take place during the next two decades.
Anyway hope you like my little project, I'll be back soon to share some more ideas with you.
What is a parent to do?
Back in my undergraduate days, one of my political science professors semi-jokingly explained the difference between our (the United States) political system and the Soviet system: “they have one political part, we have one more than that.” While this was obviously a oversimplification, he did make a very good point. After all, while we do get a choice, it is a rather limited choice between the Republican or the Democrat.
as my blog hopefully grows and i fine-tune it’s purpose, i’d love for you to be a part of it!
okey next are :
Give your story tellers the money and staff they deserve. They weaved an excellent story through the Journal of Justice; I can only imagine what they could do if you let them continue that, as well as other media.
Physically, baby girl is stretching my lower ligaments like nobody's business. When I told my mom I didn't remember this much pain last time, she said I wouldn't because it's a second baby thing. But it hurts to even stand, to walk. Carrying Brayden? Forget it. And the poor kid loves his mama lately, and it is hard to say no. I am taking regular tylenol as needed and warm baths and night. I think I just need to listen to my body, but there is SO much going on right now- I am just plugging away through the days. *sigh*
—NDSAP Program, Point 24, 1920
We’ve been doing all these readings for my classes – how race affects learning; how gender affects learning; how poverty affects learning; how the education system affects learning… combine that with the statistics I’m getting from my Geography of Current Affairs course (approximately 400 million people in the world have malaria, 33% of the population of Swaziland have AIDS, and there are over 14 million AIDS orphans on the continent of Africa, to name a few of the grimmest), and sometimes I feel like “what’s the point?” Or even “I shouldn’t be teaching – I need to be doing something BIG to help the world.”
I should - if I could - be thankful for the insights pain's hopelessness have given me into Fritz' mother and her years of suffering.
1 3/4 c. flour
John, Sr.’s brother Paul Bremond started several Texas railways. One, the Houston East & West Texas, or HE&WT (“Hell Either Way Taken” as some said), serviced the forests of East Texas, and got the nickname “The Rabbit” because of its jumpy cars and bumpy tracks. But Paul also organized the Galveston & Red River Railway, which came to Austin in 1871 under its later name, the Houston & Texas Central Railway.
1 most
1. Please post something YOU made. It doesn't matter if it is crochet, quilt, clothing, anything would be fine. I want to see it! If you use someone's idea or patterns please give them the rightful credit.
Mint
Heat up your shortening in a saucepan if you don't have a deep fryer. It's better to fry just one or two krapfen at once, a greater number will cool the frying fat too much. During frying, the oil will bubble up. When the bubbles start to recede, it's time to flip your doughnut. It doesn't really matter which side you'll fry first but pay attention: the down side (the one that was in contact with the surface while rising) will take twice as long to fry as the up side.
This has been a long time coming,
This year’s highlights will include:
Level 4: MP Cost: 10, Duration: 120 seconds, All Stats: +2%.
Learn more about financing your long-term care by contacting the experienced elder law attorneys at Janna Dutton & Associates.
Chance is pulling his every spring thing. He has tender feet and when the snow gets icy ridges he walks on three legs. He holds one in the air…first it was the back right then the front right..Far Guy babies him. “Oh, poor Chancey does your foot hurt?” The dog just soaks all that up and limps even worse, he is a smart dog. He misses the activity of having doggie company so he is in a bit of a funk this week.
They call the machine Arnie, and have given him a touchscreen interface, temperature awareness and a Soundtube speaker.
In other news, this baby is coming any day now so I will be taking a brief maternity leave from The Daily Connoisseur. I look forward to returning to the blog and videos, newly inspired and with a whole new perspective on life…
2. Identify yourself when they arrive and state:
If you have refrigerated the dough overnight, remove it from the refrigerator 1 to 2 hours before you want to bake the cookies. (It’s a dense, rich dough, and once it’s very cold, it takes a little while to soften enough to slice without shattering.) Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven, and preheat to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper or silicone liners.
And then I hear another voice that gently speaks:
According to the CBO's forecast from 2000, the US should currently have a net surplus of $2.5T. It illustrates how much of a sham the government's deficit projections are, particularly as they apply to further out years. (And yes, I realize that 9/11 skews the results, but not nearly to the extent of the miss.)
The report not only identifies why manufacturing matters, but also outlines which kinds of manufacturing jobs have the greatest potential of growth. The report outlines policy goals it believes will strengthen our manufacturing sector. I would like to focus on the four important reasons why manufacturing is important;
Michelle Miernik
Pineapple/Pineapple Juice – This is a remedy that tastes soo good. Pineapple contains bromelin, bromelin is an anti-inflammatory. It fights infections and kills bacteria. You can drink fresh pineapple juice to sooth a sore throat and it will help expel mucous for you. I like to take my pineapple and blend it with my tea and honey. A good drink no matter what. Taking pineapple to treat a cold or cough is a time honored tradition in Aruyvedic Medicine, not only does it deliver vitamin C but since the bromelin is a potent anti- inflammatory it helps in treating all the inflammatory symptoms that arise from the common cold.
This procedure takes about an hour, all told. You are completely empty; not having eaten anything for 24 hours will do that to a person. Thanks to modern medical science and a small compressor you now also contain the cubic air mass of a military weather balloon. Combine these factors with the unmistakable aroma of vaporized ass growths and you are now primed to cut the fart of a lifetime. As soon as you wake up and turn over EVERYONE in the office will know what kind of a procedure you just had. And everyone in the parking lot. And passengers on commercial flights. And scientists aboard the international space station. It is both awe-inspiring and humbling.
Two of the books that I published out to Apple (through Smashwords) for Steel Magnolia Press got some lovely placement last week just before Apple announced most of their crew would be off for the holidays. While the bestseller lists are automated, the other lists seem to be manually overseen. So at one of the busiest times for ebook buying, these books have prime placement with the potential that they'll keep that placement through the first of the year.
Re-read: You’ll definitely want to revisit this one every once in a while. It’s one of those books that helps you really believe that love conquers all. And who doesn’t love that?
I am putting to use some of the Photographs that I have.....I have made this one for you to play with if you would like.
So the grandkids and Karen are in the backyard, hanging out. I'm not paying attention to exposure or the rule of thirds or the background or much of anything. Just a summer day. Oh yes...the background.
Even as I type this, I’m struggling with the desire to say the perfect thing, to ensure that what I’m typing out will be understood. This whole need to be understood could be a character in itself. It could become a scientist who wants to come up with a theory no one can disprove and everyone can celebrate. Or it could be a rebellious teenager who’s fed up with the fact that their parents will never
Then, I began to realize that some of the 'errands' were jobs he could have done equally well himself.
ascending the gangplank two by two,
I have a job interview today. For a technical writing position. Temp, three months, but we all know temp could lead to full time. I’ve been wanting a technical writing position, and I can still work for the video production company at night, or until they can pay me. And this actually pays me enough I can take care of almost all my bills. Mom and Dad will have to pay my health insurance.
Dry Dock Brewing Co. Seven C's
Similarly, the Nigerian Music Industry Coalition have requested that all broadcasting stations dedicate time on the same day to granting and airing interviews, debates or any other program related to artistes rights as a way of supporting the cause.
striped shirt: Forever 21
Where I found it: I first read this as a teenager in Elizabeth Goudge's Towers in the Mist (one of my all time favourite books). Raleigh appears in it as a student at Oxford University.
I confess that I swell with pride when I throw some egg noodles and chicken into a pan and stick it in the oven. As you may well already know, I am at least three light years away from being Rachel Ray, so I have to take my kitchen accomplishments when I can.
The goal of this blog from the start was to put the focus on coaches and their stories. I hope I have done a good job at impartially writing about their lives, but if you feel I have not, do not hesitate to leave feedback.
2) “Self” is allowed to rule. Discipline and self-control are not exercised.
For those of you that are unfamiliar with Delaware, we have a very large summer resort area known as the Delaware Beaches. It is an area that starts up near Milford with access to Slaughter Beach, and stretches down through Lewes, into Rehoboth Beach, and then down into Dewey Beach, Bethany Beach, and finally Fenwick Island. The largest concentration of vacationers flock into the Lewes, Rehoboth Beach, and Dewey Beach area, which also happens to be the mecca for businesses in the resort area.
The butter and sugar, fatcat rulers of another era, are gone. They’ve been replaced by someone in plain-clothes, someone subtle but clever, someone eternally undernoticed and underappreciated.
Retribution Falls is one of those books I kept hearing unbelievably good things about to the point I thought it couldn't live up to the hype. Well, hype is probably not right. More like unabashed praise from most quarters, which is why I went to the trouble of getting the book from the UK. But than I let the book languish in my to-read pile for months because I wanted to separate myself from what was said so my dreams wouldn't be too dashed as often happens when you build something up.
to supersede
5. Add final details, like eye, mouth, gills
Tami wrote:
Kolbe writes a day-by-day curriculum for all subjects all grades. (I think high school might be weekly plans instead of daily?) You can choose to use the program in a variety of ways:
Challenge #12 over at Joan's Garden again this week. I'm quite sure that winning a challenge two weeks in a row is almost impossible. So I have a dual purpose here.... one for the challenge and one for a gift. So... I thought I'd make it for the challenge and then give it to a special friend this week when I stop by her office to drop off some papers. I love giving a little something to this person because she loves and appreciates my little gifts and cards I've given her in the past.
The relaxed attitude of the client and the large site (10 000m²) provided the architects with a golden opportunity to explore the home three-dimensionally with advanced 3D computer software, and fuse the programmatic requirements into the 3D model. The outcome was a design where form meets function. Enhancing the structure are the incorporation of sun-orientation, circulation, open-plan living areas, view orientation and privacy.
Saw info about this party at DebbieDoos for a Pet Party, and thought it would be fun. This is someone I already have tons of pictures of, so should be a no-brainer. It's also a great way to spend some time as I keep near my phone waiting for the "could come at any moment" less furry, pink-skinned grandbaby to begin his/her journey to our family.
Below is a release about a new scholarship opportunity from Krylon. Please
The bartender starts to pull a rifle and Smith grabs his pistol and throws it upside the barkeep's head. Hex holds a pistol to the local's head until the boots are clean, then Hex asks Smith why he threw the pistol. Smith says he had a better chance of hitting what he was aiming at. Hex runs the locals off and he and Smith stay in the saloon most of the night.
Narrated entirely by local high school students, and updated every year, the Watershed Report is a series of professionally produced short videos that track positive sustainability trends in the 13 school districts and 28 cities of the greater Lake Washington Watershed.
I added some netting and
nothing" Mary said, realizing she put her foot in her mouth again. Hesitantly she said "Johnny's coming over around 9 tonight for some pot roast would you like to come?” Not really wanting to face him but she figured it would seem less suspicious.
All of these photos are from our amazing new camera, courtesy of my parents for Christmas. We're still plugging our way through all the bells & whistles (i.e. Rod is reading every single page of the manual and giving me the highlights I'll be most likely to remember/use), and will hopefully be pros by the time el bebe makes his arrival. It's less than 3 weeks away at this point...I can hardly believe it.
The guys snicker, watching the display.
I note for the sake of completeness that in spite of the alleged induction of some sort of monkey-autism-via-vaccines, these monkeys appeared to survive on a diet containing casein -- 40% casein, as a matter of fact -- and biscuits containing wheat gluten. Just wondering why the autistic enterocolitis didn't afflict these poor macaques in spite of that MMR vax. Poor macaques that, by the way, were removed from their mothers at birth and kept separate from each other with no physical contact. And for what? To test them with the carefully selected -- oh, let's just call it cherry picked, shall we? -- "1994-1999 vaccine schedule." I'd like to see the IACUC justification for this one.
Farmer Geoff demonstrates just how big the pumpkins can get. After a brief introduction at the farm, everyone loaded up onto a trailer and went for a ride behind the tractor. Just a word of advice, do not wear panty hose and sit on bales of hay. Just trust me on this one.
decrepit nature of property, and floods. This grant would help us rebuild the area and put this
What strikes me as most magical about white currants is the natural dye in the red seeds which tints the jam to a soft, fleshy pink. As an added enticement, currants have a naturally high pectin content which sets virtually immediately. It is the perfect complement to fill a simple Victorian sponge; spread lightly on a delicate ladyfinger; drizzle on vanilla ice cream; twirl into some whipped cream for a fool; or just zip a knife's edge of it over your morning toast.
Monday: Pages 1-57
Above all, I love the entrepreneur. I love all these websites and start ups and dot coms. When I lived in New York there was a great little business called, “The Mudd Truck” — the Mudd Truck was created by a New York musician and his rocker wife. He created it to feed himself and his family. It was a truck that sold coffee out of it while blasting rock music in the morning. It was glorious and even more so because the fecker got a permit to park the thing RIGHT IN-BETWEEN TWO STARBUCKS. Even though I like the Starbucks, whenever I walked down that street, I bought from the Mudd Truck. How could you not? After I left New York, I heard two guys started a mobile ice cream truck called, “Big Gay Ice Cream Truck” – they sold soft serve with panache. A vanilla swirl on a cone dusted with crumbled wasabi peas. For reals.
There's a slight change in our challenge prize beginning today and for future challenges. Unless it's a special occasion or event, one lucky person will get to pick two digis from Sassy Cheryl's shop. We reserve the right to give away a whole lot more for those special events that we have from time to time (Sassy Cheryl is one very generous lady!).
The data can be downloaded directly to a
Author: Kate Morton
But even partying in Ibiza or soaking up the sun on the Isle of White requires packing the right essentials for festival fun.
So "cook" your turkey, don't "make" it, or you'll make our Franco-friends chuckle while you proclaim that you're going to act like a moron.
I had the laziest weekend ever. It was great on Friday, but by Sunday evening...when I realized that I still hadn't done anything productive all weekend...I was feeling awful. It seems like the less I do, the lazier I act. Like my laziness just feeds on itself.
Director Tim Webb worked with autistic children and adults whose artwork informed the visual style of the film, as well as describing their experiences in the soundtrack.
His message – “With the looks of a Goddess, you deserve roses and kisses…xXx I would really like to get to know someone as yourself
The following article appears in today’s Arizona Republic newspaper:
Shag scurried around and began to sniff the greyhounds bum.
The image above is just so beautiful, the dress is stunning and is totally inspiring me as I set off to create a collection of my own! So happy Wednesday everyone! Glad to be back!
Could the rockier economies be ditched to save German finances? Or could plans get even more drastic?
It offers a coffee bar with every flavor you could want from the Torani branch flavorings and many wines and micro brews!
“Totally got you, Dork,” she chuckled.
I had a friend who did this, and when they moved out the employer tried to sue her for damages that were already done when they had originally moved in, and when they went to court the pictures saved my friend several thousand dollars.
and what kind of god can this be anyway
Matt Cutts: Google Video on Good Quality Content vs SEO
Happy Birthday to me! :)
RIP Kurt
Oh, who can bear to be without that supreme man!? His glances, pleasant smile and sweet words dispel the composure and pride of proud sweethearts. My hairs stood up to celebrate the touch of his feet!!!
It is ‘said’ that because they are not having a varied diet, their bodies are not getting enough of the right nutrients and vitamins. This, again, is untrue.
Welcome to the Lady Bloggers Society Tea Party Social!
Actually, she'd much have preferred what actually happened, which was that Al moved in (having redecorated and removed much of the furniture) and he and his family still live there. She'd love that, far more than having all her things still there gathering dust nine years on.
Throughout my entire teenage and college life, I found myself in quasi-serious relationships. I'm a romantic at heart and the white-picket-fence-babies-minivan mantra was (and is!) what most southern women want whether they would ever admit it or not.
:: "a place for everything & everything in its place"
Officers will be recognized for the exemplary jobs they have done on specific service calls in the past year. Among those receiving commendations will be Officers Julio Jiminez and Jonathan Martinez for helping to save the life of a man who had jumped into the East River in February. The Public Safety Department will also recognize RIOC groundskeepers Jamal Perry and Nelson Soltren who assisted in the rescue. Additionally, Officers Christian Gilmore and Michael Cabassa will both be officially promoted to the rank of Detective, and a Roosevelt Island resident will receive a special award for assistance given to the department in the last year.
You Know It’s a Crisis When…
Restless.
Solemn produced a knife and tapped the point of the blade against the glass. His stale grin returned and Ben heard him say through the window as the train moved off.
But that always makes me feel
wonderful meal.
‘It’s beautiful, Jason.’ I thanked him in a strangled voice. My throat seemed to have tightened up again. ‘Help me wear it?’
Together the composition and visual contrast features were found to be a “substantial part” of photo 1 and to have been copied by photo 2. Although the analysis is quite detailed it is very hard to see how a photo taken at a different angle, with a different foreground, exposure level and perspective could infringe. Arguably all that is really copied is that idea of a black and white photo of the Houses of Parliament with a red bus in the foreground.
A bunny is the bestest pet.
Multi-player cards (MP)
We take it in turns to host the challenges. You will be required to choose a challenge theme for your host month and do a little write up on the post (just telling people what your challenge is. Everyone adds their own pics and I add the sponsor info and inlinkz etc, so you will not be required to do any of that :))
The explanation of Jewish radicalism one is treated to — and I am still staying with “Madison” — is that “Jews emerged from the ghetto with hostility toward the culture around them” and “Jewish hostility toward the culture of non-Jews has been a constant threat throughout Jewish history.” Has this hostility arisen by immaculate conception?
I will still be there to help you relearn…help you bear the consequences of your then
In her decision Judge Rup wrote: "Like many retired persons, the Paczkowskis maintain two residences and divide their time between the two locations. While they may have focused their lives in Florida for over 20 years, it is reasonable to accept that they have now decided to re-focus their lives on the community where Richard was raised and they began their married life."
The same thing happened to Lady Gaga, and the same thing will happen to these boys. Teenagers are fickle, and disloyal. I was the same, Dear Reader. When I was a teenager, bands like Limp Bizkit were huge, and I lapped up everything they gave the public (except maybe for Fred Durst’s sex tape, ewwwww). None of us are immune to this sort of garbage when we’re young and susceptible, but having a slight bit more age and wisdom, it does feel like this shit just keeps getting worse and worse.
"Though we were one-time political opponents, I am happy to say Gerry and I became friends in time — a friendship marked by respect and affection. I admired Gerry in many ways, not the least of which was the dignified and principled manner she blazed new trails for women in politics." — Former President George H.W. Bush.
“I a? going to ?atch you ? big fish”.
And that’s the really cool thing about my young self I remembered today. I was thinking about my future children having my Star Wars collection.
Are you mourning the passing of spring?
Flow chart to Musa’s own Zurich account!
Dave had a happy grin with a gap between his upper teeth and his eyes flashed when you mentioned his proclivity toward bedding any woman with a pulse. He had gratefully accepted the nickname "Plunger" that the other Brits on Kibbutz Ginosar had bestowed upon him. I was called "The Young Gazelle", an ironic moniker since I was the slowest runner on the soccer pitch, laid low by a self-inflicted machete wound early one day as I attempted to chop down a banana tree.
A wilderness dream
Damien Hirst had a simelar concept with his butterfly piece, where you are in a room with butterfly cocoons stuck to the canvases where you watch them hatch and fly and feed and die, with the flying living butterflies all around you. Again I have been inside a an artwork. Of course there was loads of his other famous work there such as the shark, halfed cow and butterfly collages. The one that stirred me most was that of a white dove with spread out wings suspended for eternity. Where Damien saw hope in this piece, I found it rather unsettling and the dove seemed to blame me personally for it’s situation and seemed to say: ”Look at me, like all the others do. I am destined to be looked and marvelled at forever, without ever feeling the wind in my feathers again. Shame on you, humanity!”
this is an aircraft carrier gliding past our windows yesterday afternoon…….not one of our better spring days that’s for sure. There were also some whales reported in the same area but you can imagine how tough they’d have been to spot given this view of the 338.2m long USS John C Stennis!
Dr. Montague is a supernatural researcher who has finally found the perfect haunted house -- Hill House -- so he rents it out (naturally no one was living there at the time) and writes letters to dozens of people who, for one reason or another, seem like they may be receptive to ghosts and hauntings. Only two people respond: the shy and inexperienced Eleanor, who spent the past decade caring for her sick and recently deceased mother, and who experienced a three day storm of stones on her house after her father died when she was a young girl; and the cynical and urbane and somewhat psychic Theodora who comes out to Hill House from the city on a whim after a big fight with her partner. The doctor and the two women are joined by Luke, the nephew of the woman who currently owns Hill House.
On to Thing 5...digital citizenship. I watched a brief video on Internet Safety set to the tune of a Christmas carol. It was cute and would work well in a first grade classroom because of its entertainment value, along with the message it sends. Another nice feature is that the words are included on the video, so students could watch it several times and sing along. It would be a great way to introduce a more in-depth lesson on digital citizenship.
3. Bray Wyatt
-IAN MCEWAN! One thing I remember about the first festival I attended was how Ian McEwan was there every day, even when he wasn’t giving a talk, and he was held up as a prime example of how relaxed an atmosphere Hay creates, a place where even writers go to relax. I didn’t know his work at the time, but ten years later I’ve rarely read a work by him which I haven’t enjoyed, (although I’ve found his more recent work a little too self-referential than his more enjoyable, varied earlier novels…why are so many of his books about writers?!?).
Luke 13:1-8
Warning: Shameless Self Promotion to follow...
Sorry about the dull lighting. The swatches of the lipstick are actually the best ones, and are truest to color. I haven’t tried these products out for long so I don’t think I can give an accurate review of their quality yet. But I do like them so far.
I crossed The Bridge Over The River Rea (tremble as its raw power threatens to tear apart the culvert so it relentlessly hurtles down) and headed to The Old Library for banjista Nathan Bell. A one-man-band (bar one song), with foot-operated percussion and (at times) little bells dangling from the neck of his banjo. His was an excellent mix of the bluegrassy trad on some songs and the loopy wig-out on others, with a big Morricone-on-crack monstah finale. I must hear more of this Nate Bell character.
but we found one table soon after we got in..
If this truly is Lance Armstrong’s last Tour, I hope he’s able to stay and fight it out with the rest of his teammates and to finish with his dignity intact.
This explains why Israel, as a nation, did not accept the offer of the Kingdom in early Acts. They were blinded. We see this in Romans 11:25.
This time, gaining back some weight actually helped me to learn more about what motivates this addiction. Before saying Goodbye to him, all I had figured out was that I have an oral fixation that’s satisfied through chewing. I found that gum can really help here (even as I write this I’m chewing gum). When that wasn’t enough, I’d coped by texting him or writing him an email. But what I realized when that wasn’t an option, is that I have a very existential hunger that drives me to food, and drove me to him so frequently. It’s the same hunger that motivated me to start this blog, that pushes me to find work that’s meaningful, that drives my insatiable need for deep conversations. It’s like the greed for life that Logan recognized in me, and in himself.
After her partner slash lover rescues an electrocuted victim he hops in a rescue helicopter with Rabbit, a rebel medic who doesn’t play by the rules. While taking off they have a ridiculous encounter with another helicopter and fly crashing and burning to the ground. Along with FlashForward’s pilot, this fall season isn’t shaping up as a good one for helicopter safety.
Believe or not, eating and walking around an aquarium really takes it out of ya…
Instead of the old pull-down notification bar, you now have all your information displayed on the bottom-right of the screen. A quick tap on the clock will bring up notifications and settings.
Note that Gimtu (Gath/Tell es-Safi) and Ginti (Gath-Carmel/Baqa Jatt) are distinct cities. Rubutu is probably Arubboth/Araba in the West Bank, due to its nearness to Ginti and its consistency with being the Rubutu of the Taanach letters and the Shoshenq list. Suardatu is the king of Gimtu and Milkilu is the king of Gazru/Gezer. Qiltu is Keilah, a city of Jerusalem which allied with Gath.
Melody Davis, 20, was driven to the Royal Liverpool Hospital but the car got stuck in a car park on nearby Mount Vernon Street because a barrier was blocking the way.
I highly recommend this movie! I actually would not mind watching it again, which is not something I say very often. Usually once is plenty, and sometimes, I can't even bear to finish the movie at all.
‘We are in the shadow of this transcendental object at the End of Time; we are all gathered here at the endgame of processes — we are about to become unrecognizable.’
Death is the simplest and most obvious threat your protagonist can face, but you generally can’t kill them. In some fantasy it’s possible to get them back with magic, but first person point of view isn’t going to work so well if your main character is taking a dirt nap. (I’m very anxious to see where the Dresden Files takes this in the next volume).
When we picked Dylan up, the teacher handed me the UNEATEN COOKIE CAKE! Apparently there was smoke in the school, and no one could figure out where the smoke was coming from. The fire trucks came and the day was generally chaotic, and they weren't able to serve the cookie cake. Can you believe that?! (Oh, the call was from them, to tell the parents about the smoke).
Now for my questions. Answer them very, very carefully. You will be graded.
The day Ella was born, our lives changed. I immediately fell head over heels in love with mothering. I had great support networks, a pretty easy baby, and a mothering tool bag that hasn't let me down yet. When Ella was a year old, we decided to try for another. However, Ella's love for breastfeeding has rendered my body infertile for the time being. I have been aching for another child so we deiced to explore adoption while we waited for my body to kick into gear. This is the Pro/Con list I made about the different options.
weird.
The Nillumbik Open Studio weekend is May 5 & 6. The Gallery will be open along with the various teaching and painting studios on the property.
A few years later, I had the opportunity to work at a much larger church as a volunteer with a fantastic group of youth led by one of my favorite youth ministers ever. I followed that year up with being the intern for the summer—and once again loved the work I did and the people with whom I did it. Once again, the church was not without its issues. But it worked.
Abandonados, but not by choice. These four little ones arrived at the Santa Catarina clinic in a costele (coffee bean sack), their littles eyes not even open. The woman who brought them literally dumped them on the floor with a thud heard by everyone in the waiting room. After all the appropriate questions were asked, like “where’s the mother?” and “will you take us to her?” it was determined that the woman had no intention of helping the newborns. Before walking out of the clinic she said that as far as she was concerned the puppies could all die. We believe that she probably thought she was doing a good thing by leaving them with us.
What do you have that is "just enough"?
See, I like the milk with my Chips Ahoy cookies very cold and the old Amana model we inherited from the previous owners of the house we now live was having a hard time keeping a constant temperature. Throw in the door handles that were loose and cracked, a freezer that produced enough frost to create a glacier forcing us to defrost about every two weeks, and even a Bachmann supporter would have had enough sense to know it was time to buy a new one.
If you don't know what Glamping is, it's the recent term for glamorous(usually 'eco') camping holidays. Mention Glamping to a 'real man' and he gets insulted. It's like an offence, it's like giving Chuck Norris a manicure, or waxing Bert Reynolds chest, or even shaving Hugh Jackman's head oh, and perhaps his chest. lol What a waste. :)
America has always been a melting pot—forgive the cliché—and that will not change. However, as marketers, advertisers, and brands, we need to be ready for what shoppers are going to respond to. There’s a new American on the rise, one that perhaps will not fit nicely into the categories we’re used to. Start paying attention now or you could find yourself specializing in a segment that has forgotten you.
We were totally without the sun’s gaze when Charlotte’s convoy arrived, a game-viewing vehicle heavily laden with supplies and camp labour followed by her in an equally overloaded Land-Cruiser. We squeezed our bikes on and entered the park in the pitch black calm before a silver storm. It was full moon.
–put crafting mats in bank from anywhere. All of the same mat goes into a single stack (limitless as far as I can see).
System: PAL/NTSC
The man who organized the Bilderberg Group, Prince Bernhard of the Netherlands, has the power to veto the Vatican's choice of any Pope it selects. Prince Bernhard has this veto power because his family, the Hapsburgs, are desended from the Roman emperors. Prince Bernhard is the leader of the Black Families. He claims descent from the House of David and thus can truly say that he is related to Jesus. Prince Bernhard, with the help of the CIA, brought the hidden ruling body of the Illuminati into public knowledge as the Bilderberg Group. This is the official alliance that makes up the world governing body. The core of the organization is three committees made up of thirteen members each. Thus the heart of the Bilderberg Group consists of 39 total members of the Illuminati. The three committees are made up exclusively of members of all the different secret groups that make up the Illuminati, the Freemasons, the Vatican, and the Black Nobility.
Stranger Tides is an odd shade.. kind of a mix of kahki and gray? I don't even know how to describe it. I'm not so sure I like this one as it seems kind of reminiscent to zombie nails... or what I would guess a zombie's nails would look like. I can't see me getting a lot of wear out of this one, so I am glad that this is a mini.
Let me elaborate. The Forties was the era of the big band. 18 piece bands packed with star soloists playing out of their skin. Who wouldn't like that? Well, the youth for a start. What's the point of listening to music that is so technical it goes over everyone's head? By the mid fifties the big bands of the day were bigger than ever, louder than ever, more technical than ever, and yet..
Then last but not least is my 2nd sponsored child :) He is special to me because on the last day I was in the village, I went around and met all the families that got a tank as part of our "Water Tank" project. While meeting the family across the street, George spotted a little boy and called me over to the driver's side of the van. He told me that he had been trying to help this little boy, whose Mom & Dad had abandoned him and who was living with his grandmother. He had already been raising money to buy him clothes and would really like to get him in school. George asked if I thought I could get a sponsor for him and I told him that he was looking at her :)
“You’re an interesting species, an interesting mix. You’re capable of such beautiful dreams, and such horrible nightmares. You feel so lost, so cut off, so alone. Only you’re not. See, in all our searching, the only thing we’ve found that makes the emptiness bearable… is each other.”
Here in the UK it seems that Shades of Grey are the only colours we've seen for most of the last few weeks but at least over on the Daring Cardmakers we've had some pretty colours to play with for our challenge this week.
This spot above the ovens looks so much better too.
Smoke trail behind me,
Which is rather similar to the state that we had attained last year, but without the Empire building and associated slaughter, and on bicycles. My goodness we were fit.
“Liesl, come with me,” he finally said with a hint of begging in his voice. “Your coach awaits.”
And now the ANC is completing this vile task which was started by the Afrikaner Broederbond, and has even changed the names of their towns - and even of the historically--important "Voortrekker" streets which indicate the routes which the old Voortrekker Leaders such as Bezuidenhout had taken while battling their way to the north to get away from British hegemony in the Cape.
But only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.
a resurrecting Love longer than all time, deeper than hell,
For example the first president of the Banana Republic of North America comes to mind when Jefferson states:
Upon eating a bunch of sugar, our body has a sharp rise in glucose levels - the body sees the high amount of sugar and panics - it goes into emergency mode and works hard to burn it up. Then you have the crash.
The first thing the risen Jesus did was give his apostles the power to forgive sins in his name. It was the greatest head on attack against Satan, sin, and death that the world has ever seen, or ever will see … empowered by the grace of Jesus Christ’s atoning sacrifice … and the Church continues to fight that battle, in the world today.
This is the best book by Chetan Bhagat in my opinion. The events are plausible; though a little curious that so much happens during one night!! The train journey though is a little forced and could have been avoided.
8. Take more notice of the good, that is in your wives, than of her faults. Let not the observation of their faults make you forget or overlook their virtues. (6)
Last night, while watching a few videos from one of my favorite albums, Leonard Cohen's "Ten New Songs," I was reminded of when I was a child and my father did some trapping of mink and ermine in order to make ends meet. We thought nothing of it. It's what men did to get enough money to put food on the table, maybe some women did, too.
I wish I had thought of it. And Facebook, and the home personal computer and well, a million other things, too. Alas, I did not.
Maybe that was the adrenalin.
Operate your generator only when you actually need to. Most of your electrical needs can be supplied by your battery(s) and they should automatically recharge while the generator is running.
Could never be swayed.
Last year however I bought a brand new 16 track digital studio.
The use of Kegels to improve urinary incontinence in men has not been extensively studied, although many clinicians report improvement. One study found that after the removal of a cancerous prostate, men who performed Kegels twice a day regained bladder control faster than those who did not do the exercises.
November 11 is my due date...4 days after Kylee's birthday. I don't like having birthdays or anniversarys close together. Now I will have to be planning 2 birthday parties very near each other and right after Halloween too. Me. The person who abhors planning (loooove parties, haaaate planning).
“Like what?” she asked.
It has been cleaned out.
This cake was so good. Moist, comforting, not too sweet, good texture. I brought some of the apples for my class to taste with the cake. Gotta fit a palate teaching moment in with the exercise teaching. It's all about balance, or that's what they tell me.
No walls that confine my stroll,
IBM – Co. to buy Tealeaf Technology for an undisclosed price. (Reuters)
to the symphony of what it must do.
The descriptions of Paris are lovely, and though I have been to France, I didn’t get the chance to see Paris. It is a beautiful country and the author portays Paris beautifully. I have to make sure I get to go back and visit Paris. There have been books that have made me giggle here and there, but this book has me laughing so foten. It was such a fun read and I look forward to her other novels. This story will remind you of what it’s like to fall in love.
When I have enough, I’m going to start giving these away to everyone I know. Five pounds of these guys (which could fit in this container) could eat 5lbs of matter per day, including paper! I suspect that they actually eat it a little slower than that, but there is less in there than there was when I started this bin. Imagine how much paper waste could be reduced if everyone had a worm bin!
My mediafire account is suspended. Of course nothing can be done now to restore the damage done, but I was expecting if someone wanted one of my uploads to be removed, to request-demand it through an email or a comment (needless to say that all such demands up to now were satisfied without any objection), and not to suspend my whole account. To be honest though, when I started this blog I had in my mind that something like that would happen.
There are four books. Each has its own villain and contains a complete story which is resolved, but at the same time there’s is a larger villain and over-arching story for the entire quartet. That has been great fun to work out. I don’t like series where a book just stops with a ‘to be continued’. There can be a sense of the larger story continuing, but I want that specific story to have a finite shape and resolution.
Don’t make Hijaab trendy
Lennox
From the hollows I feel imprints of falling away
As if these weren't cool enough, LarkenDesign over on Etsy scored some mug shot negatives that they are making into prints and posters! This one is my favorite:
If you do use Google Reader, you need to hit the link under the Email Subscribe, and subscribe in a reader..
10)Refraining from unecessary looking,speaking,eating and mixing with the people as these things weaken ones eeman making it easy for devils
Instead I will be writing something new. Time moves on and it’s not good to keep rehearsing the past. Some of it is best left as part of the learning process.
Needless to say I was stunned. A complete stranger had condemned me. Apparently his direct line to God was so strong that it allowed him to pick out of a crowd those who had sinned and those who were damned.
All because of the broiled fish!
(we don't care overly much for Monopoly, but we do have it, as well as the card game Monopoly Deal)
While I was pleasantly napping on my couch, Ms. Knoxious was secretly drinking FREE Dogfish Head beer and watching Chuck Prophet AT THE SAME TIME! I had every plan for that to be my afternoon! See, The Ms. Knoxious and I had a bit of a row when I found out that when she said "I don't really feel like watching music this afternoon" that she really meant, "I'm going to see free music this afternoon after you've made plans". Yes, my congested head briefly exploded and I said something like, in summary, "Argghh...ahhhh...dammit...no you're going...I'm going to take a nap (and somehow watch the kids)". This, seriously, is the best thing that could have happened....I'm not kidding. My head was aching, my nose stuffed, my spirit broken.
We waxed on our golf handicaps. We’d both expected to struggle with our games here in Florida, due to unfamiliar courses, and due to all the previously mentioned Florida-in-September conditions (mugginess, soft wet courses, difficult layouts, etc., etc.), and that our handicaps would rise accordingly. But it seems that our golf games have both risen (to some degree) to meet the challenge. Factor in the higher rating/slopes of these courses, and, alas, both our handicaps have fallen, and rather significantly. This is a good problem, I suppose, but it will make competition (for Linda especially) more difficult back in AZ.
some other mangas by the same mangaka are:
Ananias was the messenger of these tidings.
Several hours later, the water has risen to such an extent that he’s been forced to sit on the roof of his house for safety. However, this time, a boat from the National Guard comes by and offers to rescue him.
She still seemed a bit lost so I asked her where she wanted to go, and she told me the library. Well by her luck that is just around the corner from my school which I was very near late for at this stage.
Her hands smoothed the mud almost lovingly across her flesh, and he imagined it was his own hands caressing her. He swallowed. Who would have imagined wallowing in the mud like a pig could be so erotic but somehow this Viking maiden managed to do so effortlessly.
So go ahead, grab your party hat and noise maker. Join the world-wide party and help create a little bit of harmony, respect and enjoyment in your little piece of this world. Enjoy the day that is today!
a big smiley face!
When a publisher showed interest in one of our project ideas, we gathered the stories and put Mishaps together (about 5 months). That particular publisher opted to not take it, as their budget had changed by the time the book was complete.
A great way to start the weekend!
For frying, my first option is peanut oil, next would be canola.
Now it's Harper's turn, and then I will try again for myself. I have picked out two more patterns that look good in theory, but will surely fail upon practical application. And after I spend all that money on patterns and fabric I might have just enough left over for a new pair of yoga pants and a t-shirt from Target.
Sadly, THE EAGLE was to be the second-to-last film for Valentino before his untimely death. It’s particularly ashame since both this film and his next, THE SON OF THE SHEIK, rank among the very best he ever made, and it would have been interesting to see what vehicles Valentino would have starred in during those final glory days of the silent era.
(about 1 teaspoon during cooking onions, 1 teaspoon when butternut squash and carrots added to the cooking onions. Add 1 teaspoon if needed when soup is finished cooking and still in the pot if more flavoring is needed.)
Your options are to write some C (or C++ if you insist), use Win32 calls via P/Invoke, or a 3rd party wrapper (who have already done one, other or both of the above).
Running (if we can call it that) on the eliptical, staring through the glass doors, off into the distance, I could see myself back in the summer of the waning days of my early life. Driving home late at night. The windows open. The roof open. The cool, humid night in Ft. Lauderdale. It was the summer of '88 and I was back at home. Working two jobs. Working harder than I'd ever worked before. But loving it just the same. All my friends were home that summer. Indeed, 1988 was the last summer we all came home. Sometime the previous Fall, I'd signed up with Columbia House and ordered 12 tapes for cheap. And because I liked Magic Power, I included Triumph in my order.
While we were hanging out at the bubble tea joint, I started fantasizing about where to go for my first moto trip. I didn't want it to be too mountainous because I'm still terrified of unexpected things on curves. My BF made a good point...think of your trip as part of your training. That made me realize that if I was going to wait until I was 100% comfortable and confident in my riding skills, I'd be waiting forever. There will always be something I want to work on. Don't worry friends. I'll challenge myself but will still listen to my gut feelings of risk.
on a budget of course....!
So, when Linette said I had a surprise visitor, my eyes widened. I wanted GDA to be there; I am human. It wasn't GDA; my surprise visitor was the Neighbor. My dad had liked the Neighbor very much when we were dating. He didn't necessarily like him for my boyfriend, but he liked his sense of humor and how he was a man's man. Neighbor hugged me and we talked for a minute, before it was time to hug another mourner. Throughout the evening I became aware that Neighbor boy was sitting in an armchair at the opposite end of the room from the casket, watching me greet the folks who had come to pay their respects. It wasn't creepy; it was sweet.
So it turned out that sometimes a dream job is to be a loving and caring person whose mission is to make “the children in the shadow” in normal kids who want to study and to make them understand that they are strong people who can have dreams and that they have to struggle to make their life better.
You have captured me
Ethical veganism isn't about "loving" animals. It is about fairness and justice for all animals...including the nonhuman and the human animals. It is an issue of morality...of what is right, of what is fair, of what is just. It is an issue of living as fairly and justly as we can.
Ha got an image of the steroptypical Bristish dad with his beer belly n sunburnt slaphead chillin in sunny Benidorm ahhh
The correspondence from these parents has been welcome. They heard of me through my appearance in newspapers after my transplant. They have wished me well, and I know they mean it.
eGovernment and ICT Literacy
up the conservative base
Betty by Johnny Dowd
I can’t believe it’s available for free considering the quality of the tune.
Floral Skirt: The Limited
“So take everything the Master has set out for you, well made weapons of the best materials. And put them to use so you will be able to stand up to everything the Devil throws your way…This is for keeps, a life-or-death fight to the finish against the devil and all his angels.” Ephesians 6:10-12 msg
Combine first 9 ingredients and toss gently. Let stand 30 minutes before serving.
deplorable, it is wrong, and it is a violation of human decency as
Cook sausage (and beef if using both) and onion in 10 inch skillet over medium heat 6 to 8 minutes, stirring occasionally, until sausage is no longer pink; drain. Stir in tomato sauce, basil and salt.
Proof that low budget doesn’t necessarily mean shoddy production values, several of the entries distinguish themselves with remarkable cinematography. For those taking advantage of DV’s unique capabilities, we would single out the films of Zhang Yuan, Park Ki-young, John Akomfrah, Shinya Tsukamoto, Song Il-gon, and Pen-ek Ratanaruang. While there are several instances of fine lensmanship, in terms of acting, (aside from the wonderful ensemble piece Magician(s)) there are lamentably few standout performances across the twenty-seven short films in the compilation. First place would have to go to Jin Xing for her “role” as herself in Zhang Yuan’s documentary. Because of the lackluster transfer, the eclectic nature of the collection, the lack of bonus material and the pricetag, this set can only be recommended to the more intrepid collector. The Jeonju Digital Project (2000-2008) is available at JIFF’s website.
We spent a weekend exploring Cades Cove, Little River Road and Newfound Gap. We also added a waterfall — Meigs Falls — to the collection we had just started. We were even able to experience some good mountain music at the lodge at which we stayed.
They tell me how, you bore so much shame to love me.
I'm about to move house, a mammoth task as we (my partner and our 3 kidiwinks) have been renting our current home for 12 years now. I'm surrounded by boxes and feeling slightly overwhelmed by the amount of packing left to do. It's times like this that a man could easily start to feel like he has too many records.
-Ia large skillet or sauté pan, cook the ground meat over medium-high heat until no longer pink. A few minutes before the meat is cooked through, add the chopped onion to the skillet. Once the meat is cooked through, mix in the garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.
Sharlotte Hydorn, a great-grandmother and retired science teacher, pleaded guilty in December to a federal charge of failing to file income tax returns from 2007 through 2010, a period during which investigators said at least seven customers used her kits to kill themselves.
Victoria Rose and the Big Bad Noise - Victoria loves her home and family, but boy does she hate the noises that invade her daily life. Her imagination transforms the blender into a growling bear, the vacuum cleaner into a lion and the lawnmower into a spaceship filled with monsters. With the help of a CD player, she decides that maybe a nasty noise like the blender is just music that doesn't know how to sing. This sweet bedtime story can help young children learn that household noises aren't so scary after all. For ages 3 and up.
I’ve told you before that I love fully, so the idea that I didn’t try everything to make it work – that stayed with me for a bit, until I realized that some things are worth fighting for and some things just are not. I also realized that I did actually fight for something in this situation. I fought for me. And in doing so, I think I gained back just a few of the pieces of me that I lost while with him. And if it took not going to NYC to do that – I’d do it again in a heartbeat.
The main reason I enter giveaways and sweeps is because that's the only way that I can "provide" all these awesome goodies and extras for my family. We just can't afford to go out and buy Flip cameras, or video games whenever we want to. We definitely can't afford to go on vacations, so that is exactly why I enter. I hope to win a family vacation some day, so my kids can also experience it. I know it's possible, and just keep hope that one day we will get blessed with something amazing for the whole family to enjoy.
I put the following video up with very great caveats. Russia has its own axe to grind in the Middle East, and the Russian Media may not be as independent as some. Putin has today, jumped on the growing opposition to Imperialist agression in the Arab street, by talking about "Crusader mentalities" and so on. In some ways its a bit like the Suez crisis. When Britain and France invaded Suez in 1956, some say with a US nod and a wink - just as in fact Wikileaks have proved the statements made years ago by US military insiders that the US had tipped Saddam the wink to invade Kuwait - the main beneficiary was the US, which then replaced Britain and France as the most important economic power in the area, providing it with important access to oil resources. Today, its the West in general that is on the wane, and Russia, China, India and other powers that are on the rise. The position adopted by Russia and China, now facilitates them coming in to attack the bombing, lining themselves up with the same criticisms being levelled at Imperialism
1t. onion powder
According to the calorie control council:
Ten years have passed since The New Age was launched and in this brief span of time the world in which we live has been shaken and shocked, torn and devastated; ravaged and bled as never before in its history. Every page of the record capitalism has made in that time has been written in the blood of its slaughtered victims. All previous wars were crude and dismal failures in point of slaughter as a science and destruction as a fine art compared to the Twentieth Century World War under the Christian Capitalist Competitive System. All the modern ingenuity the world afforded, all the arts and sciences in its command were employed in the highly Christianized and civilized undertaking to blow the earth to atoms, destroy everything in sight, and slaughter all mankind, save alone the international bankers and profiteer and their hireling slaves.
I'd like to include a brief section with maybe ten of the short pieces in this blog. Any suggestions on which of these "midrashim" would be best for a book?
Mack, I love how your posts emphasize the importance of adding value to your current strategy rather than focusing all your efforts on wow-ing people with big, new ideas or amazing results. I think that it's really easy for people to get caught up in the social media buzz. And as a result, they rush into the blogosphere/Twitter/Facebook and skip any steps requiring some creativity.
to anybody you know, I am innocent, we are innocent,
A 15-year-old girl holds the hand of her 1-year-old son. People call her a “slut.” No one knows she was raped at age 14. People call another guy “fat.” No one knows he has a serious disease causing him to be overweight. People call an old man “ugly.” No one knows he experienced a serious injury to his face while fighting for our country in the war. (Here comes the 1-2, promise-threat punch.) Forward this if you are against bullying and stereotyping. I bet 88 of you won’t, the other 22 aren’t heartless (add insult for good measure) and will. Hi, my name is Amy Bruce. I am 7 years old (don’t know Amy but I’m thinking she didn’t send this) and I have severe lung cancer. I also have a large tumor in my brain, from repeated beatings. Doctors say I will die soon if this isn’t fixed, and my family can’t pay the bills. The Make A Wish Foundation (wonder if they sanction text chain letters?) has agreed to donate 7 cents for every time this message is sent on (Doubtful. Tracking nightmare!). For those of you who send
The last two days were horrifically cold and wet. If I was in Boston during winter, it would not seem so bad, 35 degrees is not horrific. However, when the house you are in has no insulation, the windows are not meant to keep cold out, and the air is wet with the cold - it is miserable. I stayed in last night because I figured who in their right mind is going to go out?? I cooked in the kitchen for hours to keep warm. I am rather happy Sorin was not around to take a picture, I was wearing leg warmers over my jeans, multiple socks with my muppet slipper-socks over them, long sleeve shirt, 2 sweaters and my scarf. Once I got cooking though, the scarf came off. ;o) But I was a funny sight for sure!
Pat’s standout track – November Rain
I always carry travel journals that I make specific to the place I am traveling to.
The Government (Alf gave enthusiastic support on this one) was influenced by a food industry campaign against “mass medication” of the food supply and concerns about links between folic acid fortification and cancer.
Even though I haven't been able to drop in and give personal accounts of everything happening with our new European adventure, I have so appreciated the many oh-so-sweet e-mails and comments from my lovely readers - your kind words have truly put a cheerful spin on this sometimes tough transition.
Please, Washingtonians, raise a ruckus. Now. Today. Call your representatives, write letters and emails. Let them know that in misinterpreting this act, the Washington Liquor Control Board has set the stage to kill jobs and crush local businesses under tax schemes that were never the intent of Initiative 1183.
Hat
Well, we're all cranked up for the next launch, around the end of May if things stay on-schedule. Spent the last two days debugging the telemetry tracking antenna I normally run, and learning more about it, and it's history, than I knew before.
"Our ultimate weapon is not our guns, but our beliefs. (Applause.) "There is a myth that though we love freedom, others don't; that our attachment to freedom is a product of our culture; that freedom, democracy, human rights, the rule of law are American values or Western values; that Afghan women were content under the lash of the Taliban; that Saddam was somehow beloved by his people; that Milosevic was Serbia's savior." "Ours are not Western values. They are the universal values of the human spirit, and anywhere -- (applause) -- anywhere, any time ordinary people are given the chance to choose, the choice is the same: freedom, not tyranny; democracy, not dictatorship; the rule of law, not the rule of the secret police".
tide for a permanent return to a constitutional form of
So as not to be disappointed Justin and I decided to not read up much about the trail, nor had we looked at many photos. And we were not disappointed! The bus picked us up at 6:00 am and we headed for the town of Ollantaytambo. Here we ate breakfast and got pestered by the local women until we bought ponchos and sticks. Then we continued in the bus for another 30 minutes until we came to Km 82, the start of the Inca Trail. Packing up our things there was a sense of anxiousness, yet excitement in the air. The Inca Trail is the top activity to do in South America and you have to book it at least two months in advance, so this was a big moment for everyone. We were also walking the trail in the rainy season, but luck was in our favour and the day we started there were bright blue skies and the sun was shining down. After about 15 minutes the group was ready and the porters (chaskeys, which means messenger in Quechua) had loaded themselves up like donkeys. They are truly amazing. You read reviews about how strong they are, but it´s not
My favourite stylist is the UK based reality TV fashion stylist Gok Wan. Gok always styles up women of all ages in less fabric, not more, and in fashion forward, figure hugging, downright sexy designs. They always come off looking fabulous, they make their husbands cry with joy and even my boyfriend always comments they look about ten years younger.
Pls remember though that the percentage quoted here was against a 2010 population estimate of 26,160,256. Our Statistic Department’s Census says its about 27.5 million. So, put against this stats, I guess the penetration of internet is a bit higher.
The 5K, held Sunday, April 22, at 7 a.m., had nearly 3,900 participants. Proceeds went to the Angels Baseball Foundation, which helps at-risk youths in Orange County by giving education grants and supporting the Boys and Girls Club and baseball clinics. The 3.1 mile race circled around Angel Stadium and the Honda Center in Anaheim, Calif.
While not all of the awards went to Sandler personally, his name was engraved on a total of five Razzies, including those for Worst Actor and Worst Actress – another first for the awards, which annually celebrate the worst in Hollywood. His clean sweep was completed by his inclusion in the awards for Worst Ensemble Cast, Worst Screenplay and Worst On-Screen Couple, which was opened up to a public vote this year.
Butternut squash puree
J. S. Bach’s two surviving settings of the Passion story are pillars of Western art music. The emotional intensity and directness of Bach’s setting of St. John the Evangelist’s text has been the subject of much musicological discussion in recent years. As she did for her Grammy-nominated recording of Bach’s Orchestral Suites, Monica Huggett will reexamine the original, more intimate scoring of this work, dating from 1724.
Since then, we have slowly improved by adding a step or two. I don’t work on it all the time because he is just “so into it.” I make sure I don’t click him unless I ask first, and I also click him for going straight.
Somehow, almost without noticing it myself, I seem to have become one of those people. Those annoying people who show up at a dinner and won't eat half of the things on their plate because they either contain sugar, white flour, starch, dairy, or something passing itself as fruit but which is closer to a lump of sugar, just not as refined. Those irritating people who can comfortably talk about the benefits of vitex agnus castus as a dietary supplement for at least a good 20 minutes, and don't even get them started on superfoods. Those boring people who swear by a green concoction of wheatgrass, spinach, cucumber, avocado, and some alfalfa as the best snack ever. Those frightening people whose pee is always neon yellow from excess vitamin C and completely discussible with anyone, odor included.
It’s not a light arrangement that you see too often, but it has its purpose, especially in film and comics. Because it places equal importance on the light side and the shadow side, it can convey the sense that the subject is a doppelganger, a person whose soul is a battleground of equal and opposing forces.
Square card with "have a fabulous day" sentiment.
It leads man to understand his role in this world, encourages him to think and ponder, and guides him in the usage of natural resources.
That stroke through the hair, oh my god, I just melted a little bit. Second stroke through the hair, the rest of me just melted. That smile at the very last second just reanimated me, and melted me again.
If you read my last post you know I caught the Kitchenaid on fire making challah. I want to make more challah. Freshly baked challah smells heavenly. I tried making it by hand the week after I killed the appliance. The recipe called for 7 cups of flour but it was so sticky I kept adding more flour and ended up with at least 14 cups. It was hard to knead by hand and the texture from the cooked bread showed it.
The current coach of the Bulldogs, Ed Conroy, is 13-47 in two seasons at the helm. Conroy was hired by none other than Les Robinson, who had returned to The Citadel as AD. Conroy had actually been recruited by Robinson when he was a high school senior, although Robinson would leave for ETSU before ever getting a chance to coach Conroy at The Citadel. Ed Conroy is a cousin of Pat Conroy, a relationship that was well documented when Ed took over the program.
The next is of the sailboats in the jetty on Sunday they have great local races and love seeing them way out to sea as well when walking..
*writes*
With friends that I’ve known since high school
Liz and the Gang at Stitchy Bear Challenges xx
Dr Whipsnade then delivered my invitation, using his considerable tact to make it clearly understood that Sir Paul would be expected to arrive unaccompanied.
Kiss of Mud:
Useless Creatures
8. If I become a fairly successful survivor from the coaster ride, then a venture into the challenging waters of Great Canyon for a white river rafting. Oh!!Not specific about the river though. Any Indian river with ample rapids would do.
However, I also know that God did not design us to be the victims. Even as we experience the selfish, painful, sometimes evil choices of other people, we are not without the same power to choose not to be molested by the ghost of our hideous experiences. We always have a choice. The tragedy is that so many people become trapped in hell long after their wounds were inflicted. Just as our bodies are designed to heal and recover from our physical injuries,our souls want to help us to recover from the internal wounds that we’ve suffered.
OK, some of that is I think because the Garmin gets a little wonky downtown, with the buildings and all, but some of that is genuine variation between sprinting and walking. (I think the four highest peaks represent shoe-tying breaks!)
Hi all!! Tami here. I was off on vacation this month and upon returning to "normal" it totally slipped my mind that we have some winners to announce!!
Just don't order the Mac and Cheese!!
I used a small foil container to cut out my 3 inch "diver." Next I cut off the bendable portion of the straw, leaving about an inch on either side.
than grains of sand on every
The real nice guys, though – those guys definitely finish first and more importantly, finish most successfully. Do you know the kind of smile you can put on a woman’s face just by opening her door when you guys walk to the car? Or calling when you said you would? Planning a date that consists of more than dinner and a movie?
Instantly I felt a wave of emotions. Understanding that the dog was just a puppy, used to the company of 3 other dogs. It must be scary on your own. Shame that I'd growled at the poor thing in a desperate attempt to get some sleep. Awe... for this man I am now sharing my bed, my living space, my kids and my life with, that he would instinctively understand what the dog needed and selflessly go out in the freezing cold of midnight winter and sit with him until he felt better.
Then, ten years ago, in a moment of madness, Ken started to write. His first article was published in Golf Illustrated in August 1996. More golf articles followed in national and regional magazines including Golf Magazine and Fairways and Greens.
There is only one sense in which we can coherently say that our own phenomenal experiences are in any way similar to those of other conscious beings, such that we can grasp a link between intentionality (universal among all intelligent beings) and consciousness (unique to each conscious being). In this book I have emphasized the distinction between intentionality and consciousness. The last chapter will explore the connection between them.
I wrote this because a friend of mine has disappointed me with her course of decisions. I just hope she gets right back on the right track.
In an interview with a business weekly, Sime Darby denied any collusion with the vendors of the block. As at press time, the SC had not replied to queries from StarBiz.
Of course Z is gonna be for Zombies!!!! I'm obsessed with zombies. But hey I'm not the only one. Even the CDC has a plan in case of zombie infestation!
Rudy and I have scrapped the idea for a condo. We realized that there’s no way we’re going to be able to come up with the money that we’ll need by January and it’s probably not the best idea to pick the place we’d like to live permanently without living there on a temporary basis for a bit. Basically, Rudy wants to work about an hour and a half away from where I’m living now. Because of my mom’s health, I can’t move to the halfway point because my parents depend on me to help out with my mom’s stuff and I have to be able to make it to her hospital at the drop of a hat. So we compromised with a half hour commute to my work and my parents for me and an hour for Rudy. I know it doesn’t sound like much of a compromise but Rudy travels a lot for work and will probably be closer on most days and could potentially be further on other days, but that doesn’t matter where we live. And he’ll probably only be with that company for another two or three years and then he’ll most likely move on to bigger and better things.
3. Add a line to give it punch. Why does it matter?
Q: Among the books, films and fashions that you have enjoyed, what do you like?
- comes with washable fabric, adjustable rainbow hood, stylish n light weight frame, basket, footrest, headrest, front bar, safety belt, wheels with brakes and easily to fold
Welcome, everyone! Today I'm bringing you Fezariu's Epiphany by author David Brown. I've hosted a lot of books here, and I don't ever pick one that I'm not personally interested in reading. But I have to say, there's something about this book that stands out to me more than many others. I can't put my finger on what exactly it is, but from the moment I read the information I was all over this book. I even ordered it that week....
What this means is that there are two registers of existence: the worldly one in which rewards and punishment are meted out on the basis of what people visibly do; and another one, inaccessible to mortal vision, in which damnation and/or salvation are distributed, as far as we can see, randomly and even capriciously. It is, says Mattie in a reflection that does not make it into either movie, a `hard doctrine running contrary to the earthly ideals of fair play' (that’s putting it mildly), and she glosses that hard doctrine — heavenly favor does not depend on anything we do — with a reference to II Timothy 1:9, which celebrates the power of the God 'Who hath saved us, and called us with an holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus before the world began.'"
The founder of the state of the “Republic of Macedonia”, as was vested constitutionally the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia (fYROM), the name with which it became a member of the UN, he served two ties as its President, a position from which he handled with great skill the wheel of the battered ship in the turbulent west Balkans of the ‘90ies.
Last week I asked all of you which play by Shakespeare I should read this summer. And the winner is Macbeth. I’m really excited to read this one since so many of you said that you loved it. Thanks for all of the votes! I am hoping to catch some productions of Shakespeare’s plays this summer in London. If any of you know of some please let me know. It would be cool to read Macbeth and then to be able to attend a live performance.
Transfer the fresh almonds and fresh chillies into sterilised jars. (I sterilise my jars by washing them thoroughly and then letting them sit in boiling water for a couple of minutes.)
I'm having a bit of blogger problems - mostly in visiting in other blogs, but sometimes in getting to my own too. Rebooting both computers doesn't seem to have cured all the problems, so I'm blaming Blogger. Mostly.
Offering Prayer
I'll be making more of this one! It's simple, cool, quick and only takes 2 yards of fabric! Can't beat that! And here's the grand reveal...bare arms and all. :-)
You’re there to drive them places until they get their own license.
Gupster 5 has been designed on the basis of the shortcomings of the previous 4. The cameras have been evolving for years, and the new dual colour system has proved it’s worth in Belize and Mexico - to film things no one has ever filmed before. Now we want it to show us things no one has seen before.
We started off with an order of their pomme frites. These frites (or french fries) are the perfect crispness and saltiness, and they come with a side of basil aioli to dip in. Such a winning combination.
It is like PR in showbusiness and the media.
You guessed it.
Life feels meaningless..
The debate at the General Assembly a week ago today resulted in a decision to move in a "trajectory" in the direction of allowing practising homosexuals to be ministers. This is against the will of the membership as surveyed by a Special Commission questionnaire. This is against the will of the majority of the worldwide church with whom we do want to retain a real sense of unity. But more importantly it is clearly against Scripture.
To walking into.”
Here's just one more of Dylan and Buddy together after they've just has a rough and tumble about on the sofa:
- Don’t be some self righteous asshole know everything Ranger fucking Ricky. You will do nothing but alienate people – they don’t identify with terms like “recon patrol” and “hasty ambush” and “resection”. Play it humble and spoon feed it at the simplest level. When all is said and done these folks are still farmers, ranchers, and homesteaders – not members of the BSB LRS.
Greening the grid
For those who are new, I post a challenge on my blog every other Tuesday and at the end of the month I choose a winner. So if you join in on both challenges for that month you get 2 chances to win.
Amazing sarees with the most exceptional embroidery and prints encouraged by the Patan Patola Sarees of Orissa. Velvet, silk, organza, brocade, chiffon and georgette were the basis of the fabulous collection, in myriad muted colours. Prints were pure unadulterated ethic while fabrics ranged from cotton, silk, chiffon, georgette, brocades to lush velvets which were blended together for different segments of each garment.
Oh, and the last shows news item comes back to haunt us, as a listener kindly (?!) sends in a taste test treat! Piley's newsround gets the last minute 'switcheroo' treatment, as a listener supplies a better story than the one I had lined up! But you'll have to download it to find out what it was...
- Combat skills*
We compare this account with that of Acts 9:7.
How cool a cake was this? Erin found an artist on Etsy to recreate the two of them as South Park characters. Check out the beer in Matt’s hand – the detailing is awesome!!!!!!! And the volcano behind the cake? Priceless.
As part of its “austerity” program, the Harper Conservatives are slashing jobs left and right. But they don’t what to say where they are coming from.
I'm feeling better today. Yesterday I was not myself and moped around the house flapping my ears and hiding in corners. Perp. thought maybe I was homesick since I ran out to the van and tried to get in every time I escaped when someone opened the front door. Today I'm back to my perky self and am letting everyone know that all attention should be directed at me and not the "other one." I often have to jump in the way or bark or move their hand when someone tries to pet him instead of me to remind them I'm cuter than some old black lab.
But I didn’t want to wait; I wanted to see them. Yes, I was guaranteed to see the owls when their eyes were checked, but the difference between getting a look at them now or then would be, well, night and day.
Thrill or fear, I am unsure which is greater. Behind my eyes a fuzzy twitch twirls like a worm. The hysterical barks sound closer now... much closer.
Beyond the Call
We ended the lesson with the kids on our backs as we all played sharks and minnows across the pool, having our little sharks yell “ONE, TWO, THREE, MINNOWS GO!” Though this was not the primary aim of the activity, as their teacher I couldn’t help but get excited that they were learning English words too! It gave us the chance to teach and reiterate words like kick, swim, under, other side, fish, shark, and more! To top it all off, during the five minutes of free time in the shallow children’s pool after the lesson, I heard them giggling as they yelled the English words out and practiced swimming some more on their own.
Now girls at school are pouring out their sympathy to me. Guys too. But not everyone’s on my side. The school has become a war zone and the threats are getting scary. What began as poetic justice has morphed into something bigger-forcing me to make a terrible choice.I've heard this book is reallllly good! Unputdownable good! So I can't wait! :) AND!! I will, hopefully, meet Amanda Grace at ALA this weekend in Dallas!!
“Forget it,” she said. “Go back to daydreaming about bloody Rachel, I normally manage to get out of the way of idiots like you. Just my unlucky day, I suppose.”
An alligator glided quietly into the water from a few yards away. It was a big bull – easily twelve feet long from nose to tail. It’s tail swung in an almost leisurely manner propelling it through the water with hardly a sound. Only its nose, eyes and a few of the scutes on its back protruded from the murky water. Despite its lack of speed, the gator obviously swam with a purpose.
Our professor prompted us to write down all the things that described us.
I did not use any stamp on them but use alphabet sticker instead.
14And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death.
Jeff was gone all last week. Teagan was a tightly wound bundle of emotions. I think the release of all that stress by having him home had to be physically released from her.
Place sugar in a clean saucepan with 1 cup water; stir to combine. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until sugar has dissolved, about 3 minutes. Add the citrus strips to the boiling syrup; reduce heat, and simmer until strips are translucent, about 12 minutes. Remove from heat; let strips cool in syrup, at least 1 hour. Remove from syrup when ready to use.
- Where's the carnival? There's a float missing its Fruits! - said the sarcy barman.
Something I recently learned about women and nasty rap lyrics. They love it just as much as the dudes. Yet, they hate music that calls them a bitch or a ho. I can understand that. I’ll just watch it with the Too Short Music.
Another reform I would make would be to stop graduating students from high school after they complete 12th grade. Instead, I think the various levels in school should be:
He did! They lived! Pharaoh let them go. They left in haste as predicted.
Here's a close up of the gorgeous image....I don't think my colouring does it the justice it deserves though!
Not long after this, both Derek and Shanda needed to head off to the porta-potty. I tried to convince both of them that with all the wetness and puddles that no one would know if they just went, but I guess they both have Shy Bladder Syndrome. We spotted a potty with no line, and I sent them off and kept going (knowing they could easily catch me). I got to see Ultra Queen, Michelle B, all bundled up and cheering briefly, then plowed on!
Ow, he thought. What am I doing outisde? Why am I coverd in glass?
I did read Jack London’s book while at school, but must admit my memory of it is pretty hazy after all these years. However, I know it is mainly focused on the animal story, told from the viewpoint of an unusual dog, Buck, who is taken to the Klondike gold fields but eventually leaves his owners to become the leader of a wolf pack. Wellman’s film adaptation does feature a dog – a beautiful and talented St Bernard – but the animal story is very much in second place to that of the human characters, with a romance between Clark Gable and Loretta Young dominating the drama. This means some Jack London fans are rather dismayed by this version, but, if you don’t worry about the book, I think the film stands up well on its own.
First to take to the stage was Times Red …
This is a basic dal recipe. It is so simple yet so comforting. It can be made in a matter of minutes and is so versatile. You can pair it with rotis and subji or ladle of rice drizzled with ghee! Tastes best anyways. I paired this simple dal with ladies finger poriyal and raw plaintain fry and this was our weekend lunch.
Yes there are many of you who are inspired by Al Qaeda and Islam’s command to conduct Jihad against us the infidel who are living on the ground here in Luton & Dunstable and throughout our Nation who are well connected, well organised, heavily armed, extremely wealthy and with a delusional suicidal psychopathic mental illness that makes you willing devil worshipping blood sacrifices to die for your false god Allah in the pursuit of your Jihad against us the infidels of Great Britain and our Judeo/Christian way of life.
2. Fountain Pens. High Cost Version. Skip this section. Again, unless it's on their list as a HAVE to HAVE Christmas item and you know exactly what the person wants...don't don't do it. Just being expensive does not mean that the person will love/use it. And...unless you know what you are doing, avoid used fountain pens on eBay, yes there are some great deals out there but its not that unusual to buy a fountain pen on eBay needs some work. Not a cool gift. It's easy to spend $1000 on a fountain pen, it's not easy to sneak in how much you paid for it to the person that has no idea what you just bought them. I will admit the Vanishing Point by Pilot is still pretty sweet. It's not for the novice, but a really fine gift for those who know their way around a pen.
* OPI Black Shatter
There is so much more to Mister MAN than I can ever imagine. I pray that Abba gives us many sunrises to say groggy good mornings and many moons to whisper sleepy good nights to each other. And I hope that all the hours in between will be peppered with experiences, conversations and moments that leave me thankful for, content with and admiring of my husband. I am honored to be his almost-wife, so it’s going to be downright awesome to be his forever-wife. I love what he stands for and what he aspires to be. So in four months and a scant number of days…we will get to start a life together exploring everything that our smiles, thoughts and tears only hint at.
23.Turkey 8
Ivy is super organized and that made my job so much easier throughout the planning process. We had such a great time planning it together, and everything looked beautiful on the day of from the flowers to the colored linens to the decor. Rachel Robertson flew in from O`ahu and took all of these wonderful photos; she was such a great gal to work with and her assistant Greg was great. We all had so much fun!
fog
Yes, actually. Though she began life as a boy: Sneezer. After writing 50 pages she had a sex-change in the mind of her author, and he went back to square one. I’m rather partial to my Annie, too, in Storm and Waterslain Angels.
Never give up on trying to get published, while at the same time writing new things and recognising that some books may be 'learning experiences' that will never see the light of day. Don't be too critical when writing your first draft - in fact don't be critical at all - let your imagination go. You can reshape, rewrite and edit later, when you've got something to work with.
Pass me a pitchfork.
“I used to watch Days of Our Lives back home and I used that to reference American lifestyle,” explained Binti.
O you who believe! When you meet (an enemy) for take a firm stand against them and remember the Name of Allah much (both with tongue and mind), so that you may be successful (V.8:45).
1. My NKOTB DVD has been shipped....should be here in a day or two. CAN'T WAIT! :)
I am proud of listening instead of speaking, following instead of leading, learning instead of teaching, and moving instead of digging in.
Menu: VolumeManager/Disk/ExcludeDevices
* Tunecore is now joining forces with Topspin, a tie-up that will feature cross-deals and promotions between the platforms, as well as the ability to automatically transfer materials across services.
1) Establishing a Routine
A few weeks ago I got together with my mother-in-law for dinner and a movie. I wasn’t sure what to order so I let her go first. She ordered this French Country Salad. I read the description then ordered the exact same thing – dressing on the side, no beets please.
Here in Akita we have beautiful sceneries and unique food and craft cultures! We welcome you all with these smiles! Please come!
For my card today, I scouted blog land for a sketch to use on the hop. I went with this week's Card Patterns sketch and stamped the sentiment from the Song in My Heart Oval JustRite set in the corner before I started to sponge on my colours. I then sponged on my various Stampin' Up! inks and then used my Martha Stewart leaf punch to make a reverse mask to create the sponged leaves. I finished off the main image with some of Martha's butterfly punches to create the butterflies out of vellum.
The Lao papaya salad is darker and fishier than its Thai cousin, assaulting your senses with the pungency of salted crabs and anchovies. Hot, salty, sour and sweet, it's a rush of flavours that sends you buzzing with a tingling tongue.
Link away! What are you reading?
I was that kid in gym class who wouldn’t climb the rope or get up on the balance beam. I was the teen who would rather have chanced sneaking out the front door instead of going out the window (on a related note, I was grounded a lot), and I’m the person who always offers to hold the ladder so I don’t need to be the one who goes up it but then does so with one hand because the other is firmly over my eyes. And I will never, ever, get on a roller coaster. Not for all the tea in China. Not for a million dollars. Not for a chance to run my hands over Ryan Reynolds’ ab... Um, well, maybe that? No. No I can’t do it. Uh uh, no way. Ain’t gonna happen. Even if you promise me I can lick those magnificent muscles. Yeah.
Our former Prime Minister said rallies are not part of Malaysian culture. Of course we have proven him wrong a few times and he is foaming in the mouth right now. Look at the interests and intensities generated by Bersih 1.0, Bersih 2.0 and the recent Himpunan Hijau 2.0. Thousands and thousands of Malaysians poured onto the streets of Kuala Lumpur and Kuantan amidst threats from the police and the whole world saw what happened during those rallies – thanks to Al Jazeera and CNN. That is the power of internet!
At first glance, any new reader of this blog might assume I'm just ready to run at the drop of a hat. Let's visit my reality...I really do have four kids and a menagerie here. Almost everyday some issue comes up that reminds me I still have a lot to learn. Last week's mommy moment was quite an experience.
Bateaux mouches
It teaches patience
I colored my bunny from Smeared Ink with my pencils and gave her some red eyes..
It noted that “If we meant Boko Haram, or any other group, we would state it very clearly. But Al Jazeera’s unique journalism in Nigeria is not
How could this happen? I was so proud of my accomplishment. The pastor’s letter is put into the newsletter. We print the letters and the labels in the same order so that they coordinate, making it easy for the newsletter team to match letters to labels.
k-9 Winter - Flying Dog
Network – this is a healing modality I chose that really suited me. I go to Ari Diskin in Melbourne. If it’s not for you, please consider trying another technique – there are so many: chiropractic, acupressure, even a simple massage scheduled on a regular basis. It’s really wonderful to know there is someone there to support you in your physical and mental health.
I raided my fabric swatches for something that coordinated with the Kids/Guest Bathroom, and found this sample. I had checked it out from JoAnn Fabrics ages ago for $5, and apparently never taken it back. I'm assuming that means I paid for it, and it's mine? Hope so, because my stool is wrapped in it.
Organization:
‘What?… And we chopped his other hand off… then the weather would be… a lot nicer… and we…’
2 conceal
Perhaps Obama can order the exhumation of hundreds of millions of victims of jihadi wars, land appropriations, cultural annihilations and enslavements in an effort to purge the truth, the reality, from history.
My son is totally confused about where we live. I am tired of living out of a suitcase. I never imagined it would be close to a month after beginning to move before we were actually able to settle in. We were starting to settle, but my dad called on the 10th with the shocking (and heartbreaking) news that my uncle had died of a heart attack. So, my husband, God bless him, drove me four hours super late at night so that I could be with my family as we mourn. He drove the four hours back the following day for school. He tried his best to make it back for the funeral but it just didn't work out.
12 Flirtin With Disaster (Live) 6:15
Right now, breastfeeding, I eat between 3,000-4,000 a day. Its closer to 3,000 on a day where I eat a home all day and don’t indulge as much. And closer to 4,000 or more on days where we eat out or go to a party/BBQ. I know it sounds like a lot, but I am starving all the time and everyone makes fun of me for how much I eat. I am not gaining or losing weight, so it has to be what my body needs right now. Although now that Cassidy is starting to eat more solid foods, I am finding myself slightly less starving all the time.
When I went to college I survived two sessions with the councillor there. She was a big grey haired woman with hairy armpits and bad dress sense. Her voice was high pitched and whiny, and on both occasions I left the hour long session with the desire to smash somebody’s face into a wall. Needless to say I refused sessions after that and instead endured my sleeplessness, my rage and my angst by throwing myself into the theatre and performance classes, and neglected my other studies. That is why I barely scrapped a B in psychology A-Level and a C in English. Granted that’s also partly because we were having too much fun taking pictures and thinking up new and subtle ways of insulting Roger (the sub teacher who looked like the guy off Back To The Future)
But WHAT'S YOUR NUMBER? isn't the real world. This is fiction turned into a movie. So a great deal of suspension of disbelief is required to fully enjoy it.
The good news is the weather bureau is monitoring a tropical cyclone near the Philippine Area of Responsibility. It could bring some rains if it enters the country. The bad news is just this morning, the Chinese declared that the tropical cyclone was theirs.
I'm not normally much of a resolution making type of gal. Sadly, I am not that good at follow through. I just have no willpower (I mean, hello... my bum-bum can attest to the lack of willpower when faced down with a delicious warm gooey brownie....). But this year I thought I'd make some resolutions that I think I can actually achieve....(with an exorbitant amount of prayers).
If money is the root of all evil, than many of us are rooting for it! David Walman takes us on a journey, The End of Money: Counterfeiters, Preachers, Technies, Dreamers—and the Coming Cashless Society ($25.00, Da Capo Press) in which he explores what the world would be like without cash, giving the reader a crash course on the rise and fall of physical money, beginning with Marco Polo’s fascinating with the paper notes who saw circulating in China, then taking a look at the gold standard and the ascent of national currencies. In our rapidly changing, technologically advanced world, people around the world are embracing new ways of replacing the local bank with a cell phone apt. It is an interesting look at the way the exchange of money has changed over the years and what it is likely to be in the future.
To me, this is just another way to finger point. We all want the same thing. A child in arms. A child to raise and love and nurture and hopefully gaze into their eyes as we die as old people and they are still vivacious and healthy. So why do this to each other? Why are we finding another way to make our choices and our decisions more right than someone elses. We all have our journeys that bring us to adoption. Infertility, child loss, gender specificity, or just wanting to add to our families with the heart of adoption. It should connect us, not drive us further from each other.
Do children tell others if they are cyberbullied?
Alternate chapters are told from Aomame and Tengo’s perspectives, and their stories gradually become interwoven even though they never meet or interact with each other. They knew each other briefly as children, however, and it turns out that their bond runs deeper than mere casual coincidence. As the novel progresses, other characters with connections to Aomane and Tengo are introduced, such as Tengo’s strict and conservative father, Aomame’s gentle but romantically unlucky childhood friend Yasuda Kyoko, the Dowager’s personal bodyguard Tamaru Kenichi, an under-the-law private investigator named Ushikawa Toshiharu, and a diabolically relentless NHK fee collector. All of these secondary characters are interesting enough to be the protagonists of their own novels, and their stories and conflicts and motivations are just as engaging as those of Tengo and Aomame.
If anyone would like to help me with this endeavour it would be truly appreciated.
PLEASE CLICK HERE TO GO TO THE CHANTILLY SOCCER CLUB WEBSITE TO REGISTER TO PLAY, TO BECOME A SPONSOR/DONOR, TO BE A VOLUNTEER
(Almost all lies)
Again, this is one of those films that is toeing the line of over-sentimentality, but it must have caught me at the right time. The story really isn't all that unique... I mean, we've all seen Dead Poets Society, right?
Lay the chicken down in a dish, spread with the marinade on both sides of the exterior of the skin, as well as under the loosened skin, and cover the bird with plastic wrap. Chill for 24 hours.
Honestly, how much more “organizing,” hand-holding, pandering, and there-thereing do we need in the south before we just say ‘you are wrong’? Your traditions, like marching a Confederate flag across the football field at halftime (which I experienced in high school), are wrong. Can you imagine how it feels, as a Black woman, to be immersed in a celebration of the Confederacy when your intention was to show up for a football game?
Another tradition is to remove a berry every time you kiss someone under the mistletoe. When there are no more berries, there are no more kisses for you, buster. I'm sure there's also some lore connected with the kiss corresponding to the final berry will be the kiss you share with your future wife.
1yd -Vintage White Scalloped Flower Lace
Perhaps that’s what needs to be mailed out to parents at the silly school with the bakery concerns, instead of the overwhelming horror of someone trying to make conversation whilst eating a custard slice. — Jilly O’Brien
I am pathetically excited. Second Novel Syndrome my arse!
Wednesday already? So glad this week is flying by!
With so much going on in my life (not now, but come next Monday when school starts!) I needed a place where I could sit down and focus and be able to put up my goals in a place where I could see them. Yes, I could sit at the diningroom table, bu it's just not the same.
Vaughan Rapatahana / Two Visits to Nauru / 106
561730 Landscaping services
And knowing that your child now recognizes you as Mama or Dada;
The Chi Machine® maximizes the movement of the body which helps to provide prompt temporary relief through increased Oxygen levels. It temporarily relieves minor muscle aches, pains, and tension caused by fatigue or overexertion and it also temporarily increases local blood circulation. It supports the temporary relief from these conditions without creating undue stress to bodily structure or additional muscular overexertion. It is wonderful for individuals who through age or physical limitations cannot exercise.
After they baked I broke one in half and gave her a piece. Her reaction? She spit it out! I couldn't believe she did that. Luckily her "daddy" wasn't around to say "I told you so!". I asked her what her problem was and gave her the other piece. That one she ate, and then she picked up the one she had spit out and ate that too. And, then, looked up at me, with her big brown eyes shining and her tail wagging, and clearly gave me signals that she would love to have another one, please. Which I gave to her.
04. A New Machine (part 1)
With school holidays fast approaching (wasn't it just half term?), a special reading challenge for young bookworms has been launched in aid of Britain's The Children's Trust.
Thanks to BBC On This Day, Today in History and Filipiniana.NET.
in the way of free expression.
so she resigned herself to let her body
July – TBA (Europe -LMS)
24. Boys hum best.
The event is from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m. on Sept. 18 at the Ellicott Mills Brewing Co., 8308 Main Street in Ellicott City. More at the link.
That’s about it, I think.
I then started peeling the bark off all the branches.
Chad and I got away for a night last weekend, thanks to my parents watching our kids. We had a great time together, and it is always so nice to just get away. But we had to laugh. So many things went "wrong" with our time away. Our hotel package was totally misrepresented. Then we went to the Movie Tavern and they had to restart the movie 2 times because there was no sound. Then our food order was lost (I guess?) and our food did not arrive until almost the end of the movie... then we came home to one kid with a fever. But we did have a leisurely walk around both Lowe's AND Home Depot and could pick out what we wanted for our new bathroom...
05. The Song Remains The Same
TRADITIONAL MUSIC
Q Are there any mandatory requirements for collection of my ride number bib?
Green Flash Brewing Co. Green Flash Le Freak
The taxpayer cash, secured by City Councilmen Leroy Comrie, James Gennaro and Mark Weprin, was supposed to fund Ogundu’s public-access television show on health topics and to generally “improve prevention of diseases.”
It might crawl to the floor; we must take care
Thread: Love is the thread that binds you together. Sew with threads of kindness, gratitude and patience.
System: GURPS 4e (listing what books you have will help)
Poor women, Romney said, shouldn’t be given a choice, but instead should be required to work outside the home to receive Temporary Assistance for Needy Families benefits. “Even if you have a child 2 years of age, you need to go to work,”
Fascinated with sequences, periodicity and numbers, the Maya must have adored Venus. Not only does she disappear and reappear with amazing regularity, her luminescence is also measurable, on some clear nights actually capable of casting a shadow. They noticed that Venus travels faster round the sun than Earth, orbiting 2.6 times to Earth’s 1.6 orbits. Venus orbits the Sun 13 times in 8 years, passing between Earth and Sun 5 times until they return to that meeting point in the synodic cycle (synod = meeting place). Point of closest ‘meeting’ is called ‘inferior conjunction’, taken as the start of the cycle.
Me - over here - I am that over-winded, out-of-practice runner who is bowed over, face down, clutching her knees on the sideline, with one finger held in the air, and the other holding her sides for the runner's cramp.
author and I do not want you to think for one minute that having faith in in Jesus Christ is all that there is to the “Christian” life. God forbid it. Quite the contrary is true. The person who has found favor with God through faith in Jesus Christ will manifest a transformed life in that there will be works produced…but the works are not done to earn God’s favor, but rather, they are done out of love for him and for all he has done for us and given us
Could we then finally bask in wide open spaces of Love?
Apparently I have been meant to go through some very trying times....UGH! I will not be going into details, but if you could just lift my name up to Jesus in prayer...I would be so grateful. I need my spirit to be calmed or I might implode. Yeah...it's that bad...thanks to some certain people.
Since showering generates my “great ideas,” I tried to retain this one the best I could because it was kind of funny.
And the best part about this review is that one of my lucky readers can win a copy of
under the rubble and they are from
- In a large bowl, using an electric mixer, beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
This is the first of the third set of adventures of Karamus as told by an older and more bitter version of himself in a semi-journal format. These are written for fun so enjoy.
Joan Holloway is a feminist that is constantly underestimated but proves to be vital to the agency. Her voluptuous figure and feminine charm causes her to be objectified by men in the office.. After standing up to Roger, she is promoted to Director of Agency Operations at Sterling Cooper Draper Price. However, with her promotion comes no increase in pay. Classic.
Supreme Court nominee Elena Kagan believes we can place absolute trust in government bureaucrats to protect our lives and our rights. She argued to the Supreme Court that it would be perfectly fine if Congress passed a law banning books, since the government has never yet enforced such a law. I suppose she would also not oppose a law allowing the government to murder anyone it pleases, since the government has never yet attempted to make use of that sort of law, either.
I was so thrilled when I found this particular cabinet as it actually reminded me of one my mother has at her house. When it arrived on Friday I immediately went to work filling it with all of the new blue and white jars we had also just received into the store. I was like a child on Christmas morning.
Despite the visitors’ early dominance Grant Holt was almost celebrating the opener as he nodded a ball past Hart who was tangling with Aaron Wilbraham after a corner. It looked destined to be the first goal of the game but for a goalline clearance courtesy of the head of Joleon Lescott.
Even more important than your casual shoes are your dress shoes. They most likely won’t see as much wear, but when you have them on their importance is that much more. So making sure you have the right pair is crucial.
From the other side of the street a blue-eyed cat scurried toward Nicole. The cat meowed and settled near her feet.
all for our own good, but in reality, it is an attempt to limit diversity,
13. Been arrested? - No, but I was questioned by store security over my credit card use. This was before things were more electronic, and if my purchase went through at the counter, sometimes I was in fact over my limit. This was also during my stint at film school, when I was stretching every penny into a dime. I was absolutely, completely mortified.
For those who have treated me well, they deserve my support and encouragement – they have earned it. For those who want to treat me or my boys badly – well, all I can say is that karma can be a real bitch sometimes.
***This week's Spotlight Savings: 10% off Glittered Dots and Flowers 7/1-7/7
nFusion’s presence at MEG reinforces how the Austin agency is helping to reinvigorate restaurant industry brands as they seek to keep up with the myriad demands of an ever-changing market. From digital presence to accelerating sales, nFusion has championed marketing change leaders in the restaurant industry and helped them to transform their visions into results-producing reality.
This is what got me to thinking I should go and checked to see if I have Sleep Apnea. It was suggested to me to have the test years ago by a doctor. But I never did until recently.
This is a great month for bead making. It's fun to make hearts. So coming out of my kiln this past few weeks have been many hearts. Florals, stitched, plain colors, shards, frits, just all kinds of melted glass shaped in the flame.
I was sooo excited when Pam, her mom and also a friend, requested this cake because I know it will be something girly and cute. Until she suggested this cake idea, the one she found from the internet. It’s a beautiful cake but with detailed decoration. Honestly, I don’t know how to execute it LOL Initially, I thought of getting photos of Lalaloopsy then print it in edible paper. It will make my life a lot easier! But I wasn’t sure if they (the baking supplies store here) will allow it to be printed due to copyright issues. The 2nd option was to make the 3d fondant dolls. Not a good idea *lol* and not enough time. So, I had no choice but to do free-hand cut. I hope I did justice with the dolls *lol*
“Right now, the best thing that you all can do for him is get him to tell you his problems don’t him keep everything inside, let him open up to you, make him happy, and make sure that he eats properly… anorexia is a very serious and dangerous condition.” The doctor continues.
And I am so sorry I missed out on the Auction for my miss Amy! I am planning to stop by and see your goodies though! Oh how I wish I had boatloads of money to help folks out!
Haywired originally began life as a backstory to another idea I had. Ludwig, the main character of Haywired , was an adult living in a world much like our own. He had a wife and son, and lived a fairly little house in the suburbs of a biggish city in the 20th /21st Century, except he was also a “mad professor”. He was more than happy to live his life rather ordinarily, but Mad Professoring was a family tradition and he tried to keep it up anyway. However, one day he invents a device that could conquer the world. He tries to hide it, but word gets out and a shadowy company kidnaps Ludwig and his wife to learn the device's secrets. Meanwhile, his son finds his father gone and, with his best friend, the monster his grandfather made, and his father's assistant, Clive, who works for Ludwig on work experience, he goes to rescue his parents.
8th Course:
The humiliation of the trial and its resultant three-month prison sentence added to the hurts Moody had already suffered for her part in killing Chad Monroe. It wasn’t entirely her fault, though. When the boy began to convulse, too many hands had tried to loosen the thick rope wrapped around his small body like a cocoon.
Stage #5 – To appease my guilt about the “addiction,” I decide to rationalize my behavior by incorrectly labeling stuff and blaming others.
6.) Orthodoxy Today - Just as I included my caveat for my Roman Catholic brothers and sisters above, I should say once again that, as a Protestant, I don’t agree with everything here either. But their commitment to the historic Christian faith and the impact that it ought to have for every sphere of life is unquestionable. Always good things to read.
Whatever the cause, there is something about Marge that has lead to a lot of her fears being reversible or at least partially reversible. She is extremely responsive to classical conditioning, whereas a lot of other fearful dogs aren't. That leads me to believe that it was her upbringing that caused her to be fearful, rather than a biological reason (which may have required medication to reverse). But I might just be pulling that out of thin air.
By Chris Heath
Some say that an active intercourse life is going to help any man to become more self assured and make sure his self worth is actually good – whether that is true or not will probably be something that each man will have to decide for themselves or not. That can be mentioned for his or her memory and their emotional health also because a person’s overall well being can be determined with how active he’s and that does imply in each which department.
Are they alive? Davie is drawn to Stephen, to this power he has, and other things fall by the wayside. The pretty girl, his best friend. But the war with Martin "Mouldy" Mould only escalates. Stephen's answer? Create a man of clay to take care of Mouldy.
What are your thoughts on the subject?
There is no greater gift to give to helpless infants, our own children. Also, this gift is not limited to the few minutes it takes to baptize but it is a gift with a promise to eternal life. Baptism is not dependent on our age but on God's grace and mercy. Baptism is a focus on Christ and His salvation poured out on us. Baptism is not a work of men but a gift from God that the Church freely shares as she has graciously received from the Lord.
The first Presocratics came from Miletus, an ancient city in the greater region of Ionia, which is now the Western coast of Turkey. Thales, who is thought to have been born in 625 b.c.e., is the earliest known Presocratic philosopher, and as such, is the first Western philosopher. The ideas of Thales probably sounded as bizarre in Seventh Century Ionia as they do now. He believed that water is the basic stuff of the universe, and that the earth floats on water. He believed that the soul produces motion, and that since magnets move iron, then magnets must have a soul. He is also said to have predicted a solar eclipse in 585 b.c.e. While this is an extremely brief summary and oversimplification of what Thales believed, it is also basically all we know of Thales ideas. However absurd they might seem upon initial reflection, they represent the earliest ideas about the physical properties of the cosmos without taking ancient Greek mythology and theology into account as explanations of natural phenomena.
Welllllllllll.....
Come find me in booth 8-2013 in the Etsy Emerging Artists Pavilion. I have been working like crazy to produce new work especially for the show and can't wait to see you there!
Glee – I think we can all agree that ‘thank crap Terri’s fake pregnancy story is over!’ Hopefully Glee starts firing on all four cylinders at the same time now, and not just in fits and spurts throughout an episode. Glee is a dark little show that manages to hide its fear that these characters will never realize their dreams underneath the shiny layer of a high school musical. It’s also laugh out loud funny and has the best soundtrack of any television show on the air.
'I don't know,' she replied. 'Young people nowadays are never satisfied; they always want more and more. They want everything that folk have overseas...you all demand so much from life - you're never satisfied. In the old days, a poor man was content if he had something to eat and a roof over his head. Nowadays everything has to be so high-and-mighty. Everything you set your minds on, you have to have, whether you can afford it or not...And everyone's up to their eyebrows in debt...A fat lot of use it is having schools and books and I don't know what! In the old days we used to be a lot more reasonable.'
One thing I did by coincidence on Earth Day was celebrate the middle "R" of Reduce, Reuse, Recycle. I have to admit that the first and most important "Reduce" is often not as fun as my favorite "REUSE."
I also tossed in a cute new factory graphic tee with the Eiffel Tower on it, as a no-brainer match-up (we all have those days). Despite being new, it was promo priced, and with discount, the tee came to just under $14 with promo). I like that it's a v-neck, as that's always more flattering for me. I ordered a medium, again for the clinginess reasons. It's a nice longer length. And no French to mess up. ;)
Working out kind of slipped out of the routine Wednesday and Thursday, and I figured what the heck, why not make the entire week a crap week for me? :o) So instead of the gym we went on a 2.75 mile walk, and hit up the park. It was a beautiful morning and Ryann had so much fun looking for dandies and playing outside. We decided to continue outdoor time when we got home, and I snapped one of my favorite pictures right now. I just love her carrying all her chalk, looking ready to take on the world. During naptime I worked on some more party details. Ryann spent some time playing with the train set Christopher picked up for her birthday. And that night we got to work on the massive amount of tissue poms I wanted hung. Thank goodness for Christopher and my Dad. It only took them about an hour to hang all 90+ poms.
Since I’m writing this historical blog, here’s your first assignment of the New Year. You are welcome to leave them as a comment, but no, you don’t have to submit them to anyone, just yourself or your critique partner.
Besides that, I’ll see you in October!
The winners will named on May 31 at the 2012 Arthur Ellis Awards Banquet at the Hilton Toronto.
In your quest for great skin be sure to avoid over-exfoliation. This can cause chronic inflammation that will accelerate the aging process. It is possible to combine the right chemical and physical exfoliators for maximum benefits and find the perfect balance for your skin. The secret is not to overdo it. If your skin looks red and angry or becomes painful or sensitive after exfoliation, give it a rest and use a bland cleanser and moisturizer for a few days while your skin recovers.
First, notice the pelvis here. Super long bolts with nuts on each end allow you to tighten or loosen to attain the look you want.
The Fellow is also at liberty to teach a specialised IP course at NUJS if he/she wishes.
Tana Smith, murdered on her way to buy blouse material.
” i just wanted to……” He started.
2) My family's good health. Maybe not the most exciting thing for which to be thankful, but it's too often overlooked. Sam has had a little low-grade fever for the last few days. I suspect it's a tooth making it's appearance or just a little cold, but it has had him a little bit out of sorts for the last few days. When I'm frazzled because he's falling apart over the tiniest thing or refusing to eat, I'm reminded that we know nothing of a sick child. Right after Sam broke his leg, a friend's little boy was diagnosed with cancer, and Shawn and I got a big dose of reality. Yes...Sam is a kid and he will be plagued with various ailments here and there. We will have to clean up puke, wipe snotty noses and may make the occasional ER visit. But so far, our son (and his parents!) have been blessed with overall good health. We don't have chronic conditions that constantly steal our energy, we don't have to take life-sustaining medicine that makes us feel bad, and we don't have to schedule our days around lengthy treatments. So today, I am gr
Just about everyone drills a hole at home at least once in their life. Find five drilling tips here.
Quite good at Sudoku, if I do say so myself.
That is Predeterminism and Causality. The idea that nothing in this universe has ever occurred without first a cause preceding it, and those causes are themselves the effects of causes that preceded them, all the way until the very beginning. This even puts the idea of free will under strain (or at least the common perception of it) since if everything that ever occurs is a result of a preceding cause and so on, then I’ve never chosen to do anything under my own volition ever. Why am I writing this? Because I downloaded this show. Why did I download it? Because I enjoy anime. Why do I enjoy it? Because I’ve enjoyed animation since I was a child. Why? My parents purchased animated VHS tapes for me. Why? Because it was an easy way to occupy my time for two working parents.
The seven layers are: graham cracker crust, walnuts, semi-sweet chocolate chips, white chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, condensed milk, and coconut.
Creativity is a fragile thing that can be easily wrecked and shattered by destructive criticism, no matter what age you are. It is one reason why I deliberate and use careful language when I am asked to evaluate someone's writing. Most writers are fragile about their work, me included. It is important to get honest evaluation of your writing but we also need to hear good things about what we do, because most of us don't think we are any good, or at least not good enough. It is not that we are looking for flattery, because empty praise is useless indeed.
Foer took that advice to mean that we should always retain a little of the restlessness and angst of youthfulness, that idealism that can keep us up at night, that burning desire and belief that we can make a better world. But also we must mature, we must grow into adulthood. We must learn to love the world, as much as we yearn to better it.
You can argue its pure coincidence, but I think not. The old proverb “all good things come in threes” comes to mind when discussing this auspicious occurrence and Grimes latest album Visions, which was also released on January 31, 2012, proves my point. This dream pop damsel first came to my attention when she toured with one of my favorite singers Lykke Li last year. Recently, my awesome friend Amy reintroduced Grimes to me and I couldn’t be happier.
I initially had no idea what an equal money system was, and even more – I was NOT interested in knowing about it at all. It was like I rejected it as having any value whatsoever.
And page after page of this report, the horrific account of the destruction of Congolese women dissected with the precision and the cold matter-of-factness of traditional and seasoned scholarship that stands out as an indictment of the pomposity of Achille Mbembe or the conceptual helplessness of Congolese social scientists.
While golfing in the Madrid Masters, he got a hole in one on the third hole, which earned him his porcine plunder. And Elliot over there weighs in at a healthy 238 pounds, so that's a lot of salty meat candy.
Row 19- ch2, dc in next sc and each around. Join to 2nd ch of ch2.
Feathers – From exploited and slaughtered birds. Used whole as ornaments or ground up in shampoos. (See Down and Keratin.)
What a great day. I spent a couple of hours with the class, talking with the classroom teacher about the fund-raiser he conducts each year to fund this field trip, which takes place each day for a week, and entails being bussed quite a distance to take part in the experience. The center runs some demonstrations and lessons, and the classroom teacher/student teacher supplemented with curricular items.
Anyway, I know that if I don't practice, I'll never get better. So I pushed on and decided to finally trying my hand at a second cake.
"I was sitting there with the blood pumping out," said the anguished computer businessman.
The other great fascination - and in complete contrast to everything else on telly (which was all black and white up until Wimbledon 1967, and remained mostly black and white for many years after) - were the "trade test colour films". All fairly short, some merely instructional (how cars are made, the history of plastic, and other dull subjects for a kiddie-winkie), some just weirdly psychedelic, they were entrancing and magical to me!
Kate figures things out way too fast, almost faster than Blair (Wilford Brimley in Carpenter’s flick). It got to the point where I thought the character had read the script and was picking the right times to tell everyone what was going on.
For instance, we only want to look at something that is a source of joy, not at something likely to sadden us. If any one of the senses is missing, the entire dimension of that sense is lost. One who can’t hear is bereft of the whole arena of sound. Similarly, he who can’t see is deprived of all the beautiful sights and colours. So the sense is more important and much bigger than the object of the sense.
I don’t mean to sound harsh or ungrateful, but I spend a lot of time mapping my books, slowly revealing the truth, each new revelation dependant on the one that comes before, so that by the end of the book, people end up believing (at least for the moment) that the story is true. If surprises are revealed out of sequence, it breaks the chain of evidence. So not only will readers know what to expect, they will be robbed of the unique experience of believing something foreign to their everyday lives.
I said, “I live here.” Being polite I also added “Where are you from?” dumb mistake. I’ve been through customs a hundred times and I know better. Only answer the question and don’t add anything more.
his sister's fiancé (Barrie gave him the horse that threw him);
I'm officially completely against the ropes in terms in of both work and class submissions and have been pulling 16 hour days since Sunday. Let me tell you, it is no bueno and I don't like it one bit. But, unfortunately there is no end in sight until Friday... that's just how the cookie crumbles sometimes.
One of these days, I will be able to look outside and really see the accomplishment of hard work that I have put into the yard. Hours are spent weeding, raking, planting...and it is never work for me. I think if I had my way, I would be out in the yard all day long. There is just something so spiritual about being in the midst of nature. It seems easier to tap into that when you're right in the middle of it. I sometimes have to remind myself that all that wonder exists when I am stuck inside scrubbing a floor or doing the dishes. Yet, I know that I can find the spiritual side in those simple things too. It's just that I have to remind myself to do so a bit more.
I am trained to help Hindus, Buddhists, Jains, Christians and atheists to grow spiritually. I shall commit to a monthly meeting with the concerned person in a neutral setting like a restaurant. By profession I am a permanent Assistant Professor in English who after having cleared the UGC conducted NET examination has studied religion and spiritual guidance separately in a seminary. By birth and conviction I am a Hindu, by orientation I am a humanist and believe in the power of the spoken/written word to change others. I am married with one daughter. I am now completing my PhD. I write in both Catholic and Hindu journals. I also have a protected blog. The following are the exact services I offer: a) Helping the client to grow spiritually and later self-actualize/ grow in self esteem. b) I use contemporary psychoanalytical tools to support the individual including basic Yoga and art ( visual, textual and philosophical) therapies. c) I am available to a client who finds me suitable for her/himself through chat, Blackberry Messenger and
As disgruntled voters, we can hold out in hope that once all the s**t stirring, frog jumping and trimming of fat is done; the real lean muscle (can I call it the phat?) are the ones left over to continue for the next GE.
After having a rough arrival to Melbourne, with housing drama, I was very excited to take a few days from the apartment search and relax in true Aussie fashion on the beach. I made my trek to the university a whopping 9 kilometer walk to campus (just another incentive to find a new place to live). I made some fast friends waiting for the trip leaders to organize the buses and we set off for an adventure on the Great Ocean Road.
No one ever asked me if it was ok with me to get pregnant out of wedlock. If I was strong enough to handle it. Did I even think this could happen.
53. Chocolat - Joanne Harris
This week’s edition of “Wanderlust Wednesday” is completely dedicated to Italy! I can’t remember for sure if I’ve mentioned my upcoming trip, but in 87 days I will be going to Italy to visit a friend who is studying abroad in Florence! I’ve been to Italy once before in 2007 (which you can read about here, here, and here), and it was a really great experience. I really fell in love with culture, and found my love for Anthropology there. Well, I’m going back and I’ve found some specific things I want to visit:
Now that’s a good opening. Short. Simple. Sets a mood. Makes you wonder what could come next. Everything a good opening should do. Those Brothers Grimm knew a good thing when they saw it.
The February attack was part of Anonymous’ action against US law enforcement agencies and copyright holders. Other targeted websites included the Department of Homeland Security and the FBI. Anonymous was quick to claim responsibility then.
First Known Use: 13th century
Another piece of the jig-saw would have seen the Internet Resources Newsletter merged into the POG service as a current awareness element.
30. Elvis Schoenberg's Orchestre Surreal - Jive Talkin' (5:56)
Serve with vanilla ice cream. Haagen Dazs or nothing.
State Summer Games is right around the corner… 22 days to be exact! Are you ready?! We are still looking for great Volunteers for this event. If you have not signed up yet, click here to fill out the online registration form. We need hundreds of Volunteers to make this event happen, so don’t wait, sign up today!
Wow. 100 days of photos and blogging. It feels...weird. But in a good way! I never thought in a millions years I'd make it this far. I'm very much looking forward to another 100 days and beyond.
The Court agreed and found that the Son who had been left everything now held the Real Estate that he had inherited, UPON TRUST, as to part, for his Sisters.
“Did the king just give that to you, miss?”
Yes, they are known for being very stubborn animals but heck, wouldn't you be stubborn if you were used as a beast of burden on a day-to-day basis, quite often overburdened with goods?! Sometimes, being forced to put your life at risk for your human counterparts as they put you into dangerous situations carrying explosives in wars. Apparently, this was done in the Afghanistan war in remote areas. A donkey's life is not often an easy one so I think they deserve a little slack. They are actually very loyal and intelligent animals.
The constitutive theory sets out that it is the recognition of an entity as a State that makes it so. This theory would explain why “Transnistria” and other similarly situated entities[5] are not considered to be States. This theory, however, fails to explain why certain entities that have received numerous recognitions as such are not in fact States. It also raises the question of how many recognitions are necessary in order for an entity to become a State. One clear example of this problem is the “State of Palestine”. As of July 2011, the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) was reporting that it had received at least 122 recognitions of its “Statehood”.[6] To put things in perspective, there are currently 193 members of the UN.[7] That means over half, 63%, of the United Nations recognizes Palestine as a State. However, not even the PLO’s negotiator’s website discusses Palestine as if it were already a State.[8] One simple reason for this might be that States serve a regulatory function in the world. Their fun
Today, outside of the very backward parts of the world, progress is accepted and expected. We don’t deny the explanations of science or the advances of technology. We value education, and we value what we hope are improvements to our world. Not to do so would cripple us on the world market at the very least.
This was meant to be a New Year's Eve post, but we lost our Internet connection in the early evening. When Hubby called about it, he was informed that most of Atlantic Canada was down, as was some of Ontario. That sent him running to his phone to make there was no global catastrophe, and me running to the calendar to make sure that it wasn't 1999.
Since the dark agenda members do not have the capacity to eliminate the whistleblowers, they are slowly losing their control over their secret codes that have been kept for centuries. The dark agenda groups are now being exposed to the world.
Lisa’s face froze as she emitted a mirthless chuckle, clearly upset by the man’s boorish attempt at wit. She quickly made her excuses and left. My remark was obviously a mistake, in retrospect, but how was I to know the fellow would be such a graceless twit?
Nora continues to eat very well. She is a very content baby. What pure love she is!
Kegged: 10-08-2007
Don’t get me wrong. I think aging is a gift, after all, there’s only one other alternative.
In the end, maybe the idea of accompanying is really a pretty good way to think and talk about the follower's role in tango--as long as we don't get trapped in that knee-jerk reaction I first had, of thinking that accompanying is, by implication, less important than leading. Both are essential for a good dance.
Barack Obama doesn’t profit from experience, and neither does his government. Blinded by an ideology that 80% of Americans reject entirely, Obama’s regime could not exist without the slavish support of the Lame Stream Media and the backing of the unions that have purchased the DeMarxists outright.
There’s nothing wrong with improving efficiency – but what working class people in South London need from our Labour Leaders is not just competent management – we need inspirational leadership in a fight against reactionary attacks upon our Welfare State.
My seventeen year-old son is going to prom too.
Tanaka’s second title win…
All that changed after the massive fires the late 80′s. Dense lodgepole pine forests turned into piles of charred smoking timber, black as far as the eye could see.
I knew Skippy and JIF were available at supermarkets like Ed and Shop!. And I told myself that, because I had other delicious spreads—Nutella and Speculoos for sweet, hummus and French butter for savory—that I could wait until I returned home to buy peanut butter. But then I saw the “American Style” jar at my bio co-op and caved. Miam miam, tartines with peanut butter!
We’ll just let that speak for itself.
People stopping taking time to look at wreaths . Lest we forget @ABCNews24 #ANZAC2012 #AnzacDay2012"
Look : Deep orange almost copper with a slight haze to it.
I’ve already chosen and checked out my next three books. Drumroll, please:
1 tsp vanilla flavoring
1) How to sew, Mom is a seamstress. An excellent one! Somehow she managed to teach me how to sew. I hate patterns and just like to create. Any idea what that can do to a seamstress!?
Brian and I had a great weekend in western Mass., sipping shamrock shakes, sunbathing in the park across the street from the hippie sandwich place, visiting Emily Dickinson's ghost. I got 6 books at Amherst Books for $36, while Brian napped on a park bench. As I exited the bookshop, I passed a man playing a harp in an alley.
I've got a lot of random thoughts to share before I KA-POW you with the x-rated drawing. Don't worry, I'm going away soon so this is all you'll have to remember me by for the next two weeks or so. Here's one more thought before the dirty goods.
I am watching the PGA golf tournament. Tiger is up by four strokes right now, and I hope he pulls it out. Why am I cheering for Tiger? That's a good question, since his "fall from grace". I guess I want to see the current records broken. And he is the most likely to do that in the near future. Of course, if he breaks Jack's records, someone like Rory McIlroy will come along and break Tiger's. And I probably will cheer for him, too, if I live long enough. I think I just like to see new records set in sports. (Except when Hank Aaron's record was broken.)
Four Medium Stackable Storage Boxes with lids.
Take risks and face your fears.
and she couldn’t be loved;
“It’s time he stop playing politics with our kids’ education,” said Corriveau. “If Mitt Romney has different plans for education, Granite Staters deserve to know about it.”
The Iris are at their peak right now. And they are plentiful this year--seldom have I seen more. We were two months late in getting our Winter rains, but for some reason the Iris have responded with a bumper crop of beauties.
Helen Hunt (in the movie) has been through the loss of her parents, a divorce, a miscarriage, a failed relationship, and a reunion with her birthmom which includes lies and rocky encounters. Helen’s pain overwhelmed her faith . . . and now, when she really really wants something–more than any of the other things which she had trusted Him for–she is afraid to pray/talk to Him about it. She doesn’t trust that He will “handle” her most precious wish the way she wants Him too.
Needless to say, ebb and flow are important parts of this song and are massively used to bring different sections and sonics of “Rascal” together. It’s such a minimal song on the surface level, so these mixing techniques are used to completely engross the listener and use what’s available in terms of engineering techniques to present a better aural depiction of available mood.
That's right! Driving as well as shooting! With two guns! It might be a common thing these days but back in the late 80's/early 90's, only Chase HQ had the police chase, shooting and driving angle really nailed. Lucky & Wild allowed you and a buddy to be cops chasing down and shooting the shit out of everything on screen.
Danika
Need help with a room? Sometimes a mood board is all you need to jump start the process. For more information go here.
'Just the two of us.' She thought about it for a moment, and then said, 'I
Chicken and Ham Pasties
My entire life I’ve had very vivid dreams, but during this period I began not only talking in my sleep but sleepwalking as well. Over and over and over again. I had terrifying dreams almost every night for several years and, when I was awake, I was a nervous kid. My mom worked nights at a local hospital and, often, when she wasn’t home I would lie awake at night and worry. The few times my parents went somewhere and left my brother and me with a babysitter I was convinced something terrible would happen to them.
writing down the page
Our stopover in DC was only moderately better because, despite being extremely tired, the babies wouldn't sleep in the hotel room. I cried some more. So did DH.
Oddly enough, I am LOVING spinning, but I am afraid of riding on the real road... I've heard too many stories and don't want to get hit or be run over... so, I only got in (2) 16-mile road rides before the 48 miles and was thinking it would take me around 5 hours to finish. I had a FANTASTIC ride and finished in 3:10... almost 2 HOURS FASTER THAN EXPECTED! I finished soooo early that I had time to go back to The Lot, get a shower and change before heading back to the finish line for the boys. 15.1 miles per hour average for me! WOOO HOOOO!
On a sour note. This pretty much marked the end of my battery box. Had to scrap the right channel because it was so staticy. Also, Melbourne festival should get rid of glass bottles. There's so many of them getting thrown in bins in this recording. Really takes away from it.
for the ample dinner parties I’ll throw
Now, I will give Clarity it’s due — in the relationship of Clare and her ex, things are well-developed. There’s baggage and a history there, feelings are unresolved on both ends, there are obstacles, and a distance to cover to potentially get these two back on good standing, much more to get them romantically involved again. I really liked how that was handled. There were indeed plenty of issues just between those two people.
You label this class as “journalism”. I repudiate your labels, as we have not been asked to keep any journal whatsoever. (I’m not suggesting it; I’m just making an observation.) I heap derision and disgust on your provincial concepts of “objectivity” and “facts.” I do this by putting certain words in “quotes,” as is the literary fashion. Fashion, though, is of little concern to me and my generation, as the afore-noted reference to the dress code infers.
Snow white floral embossed cs (Hanko Designs);
Yeah, poverty is real. And the people that experience it are humans too. Think about it.
Now....take that R0000, your base color, and in small circular motions blend the entire flower. This will soften all of the lines and make them blend together nicely. This is where you realize that if you haven't used a good quality card stock, such as I have used here, that your paper may start to pill or your lines will bleed. It will look like the image below.
Clearly I’ve been thinking a lot about identity lately: Our identity as private individuals as well as our sense of who we are culturally, ethnically, professionally or religiously. How much of that identity do we manufacture for others to see, how much do others put on us, and what is organically real in our hearts?
Knowing that to our souls
“Though my father and mother forsake me, the LORD will receive me” (Ps 27:10).
The surgeries cost Ubsy a combined 1.9 million dollars, a lot of money for a postal worker. If his huge ratings from last night’s Foxy News appearance are any indication, though, he’ll be making it back in no time.
But stronger than that is the smell memory of the squashy persimmons we got to take home to my mother. And a strangely vivid picture of a smiling, sharp, serious old man, talking over my head to my father but with a twinkle in his eye for me and my good manners.
Illamasqua Can-can on lid & under-eye
It was a lovely party. I saw some old friends, Lynne Chapman and Anne Rooney, from Facebook, SAS and SCWBI. Made some new friends and got a bit squiffy on the mulled wine. I even bravely ate half a mince pie and it was ok - promise. I had a lovely chat to the publisher, Simon Rosenheim who talked about how fiercely independent Meadowside is and I said I felt really at home here. Its good to have a publisher who is 100% behind your ideas. I also talked to Catherine about foreign rights and New York Art Galleries and to Rupert about sales. Meadowside publishes over 40 titles a year and has an established reputation for good books. That feels the right place to be. 2011 is going to be a great year!
The 14 cases include:
We also talked about “Priming Your Pump,” or increasing your focus. I covered a few key points based in what we understand about the way the brain works. Listen to the recording for the nuances and details. In the meantime, here are three quick tips to help increase your focus right away.
Preparing for Uhuru
I allegation a haircut.
But I was also going through a divorce, and all its related tough personal stuff – and I was reading/experiencing a lot of writing/music/art that was helping me a great deal. I wanted a forum to share some of this, too, and explore a bit why it was meaningful to me. I didn’t think the reader of my publishing blog would care in the slightest bit what I thought of some particular piece of poetry! So I decided to just have two blogs.
As with everything else today, this post has a Shakespearean theme to it.
Leon Day - OISE All-Stars
In the London Illustrated News a story on page 268 on Saturday April 23rd 1853 was entitled "Hales Rocket Factory at Rotherhithe and begins, promisingly, "An event of ten days since invests the barren locality, pictured on the preceding page, with extraordinary interest". Acting on information authorities searched the premises in Rotherhithe of Hale's Rocket Factory on the west bank of the Surrey Grand Canal near the Plough bridge. They discovered "a large stores of arms, ammunition, and materials of war". The stores were thought to have belonged to Mr Kossuth and his adherents. Mr Hale himself is described as a "well known inventor" who was working a perfecting a war rocket "which rotates around its axis like a rifle-ball, and carries no stick". The News concludes that the connection between the two men was due to Kossuth suggesting improvements in the manufacture of the rockets to Hale.
"Conquer Me" by Blues Traveler
Here we’re just on the other side of the peaks surrounding La Paz to the south. The view is looking back along the road coming out of the city, which sits behind those tall cliffs. If you click on the above photo to get the higher quality view, you can see how deep cracks have been eroded into the cliffs by the rains that pound La Paz from about November through March of each year.
I prefer putting all of my "like items" together.
Call me crazy, but shouldn’t “Doctor” Bachmann have a little bit of skepticism about a claim that a 12 year old girl became mentally retarded after a vaccination?
2 tablespoons Korean chili powder
There would not be another Oscar telecast at the International, or anything else for that matter. The very next year, NBC moved out, and the theater was unceremoniously torn down, replaced with one of Robert Moses' pet projects, the ill-fated Coliseum convention center.
Consider calling the National Animal Poison Control Center (1-800-548-2423; $65/call) or the Pet Poison Helpline (1-800-213-6680; $50/call) to speak directly with a veterinary poison specialist.
Hope you have a great week, and dont forget to enter the Purple Pumpkin Sketch challenge for this month, cant wait to see what you all come up with.
I have been reading ...
Unity is an Islamic obligation and a necessity. We must strive for unity and reject secession everywhere. The great Sudan must remain a great Sudan. It is prohibited for a Muslim to vote for the secession, and it is a disgrace for a non-Muslim to do so. Sudan should remain united for all the Sudanese. This is in the best interest of both the south and north Sudanese. There is no benefit to partitioning and disintegration.
“I would be all right after awhile. What time is it?”
The other sons of Musuwane and Paingarire had a big brother called Rutsambo. He begged Chidziva to let him go to Darwin district to a part now called Rusambo Reserve and Chidziva agreed. Chidziva told him he must be a chief of that part. He fought against the people who were there and conquered them and became the chief of that part. That is how the people of that area are Soko Murehwa from Chishawasha. When Chinamaringa died he left eight children. In the order of birth they were: Madzivanyika, Chihuri, Mazuru, Samukange, Chikaka, Gwindi, Mashayamombe Chandayengerwa.
“Poor boy. I know. But where can we take him?”
What occupation are you talking about? Gaza is not occupied by anything other than Hamas - the government/terrorist organization that the people of Gaza duly elected. The fact is, we are being bombed by Gaza. The only Jew that has been in Gaza in the last 5 years is Gilad Shalit (other than Cast Lead of course, the logical response to having over 130 rockets fired at us in a single month (about the number they fired at us in a single day this week!).
"So you think you should camp out in the main rooms spewing your cold on everything and everyone? I think not."
So in the end I had 14 hours of travel for 3 hours at the Salon, was it worth it? Definitely, as I got to pick up the medal in person, and got the chance to meet so many great photographers especially Michelle, Matthew and Gerry, to whom I must give my thanks for making my short time at the Salon exhibition so enjoyable and allowing me to display their well deserved medal-winning images.
and dang it. .if he is I am gonna be ready for him. so this year my goal is to get out of the 20's and into the teens before I turn 40. That way it will not be oh no 4-0.. it will be wut ohhhhh 4--oooohhhhh ;o)
Niecey has decided to end this with "hehehoho"
Chores get pushed to the back burner.
In any event, the best time an individual should apply for this valuable form of coverage is, of course, at the earliest possible moment. Sooner is better, even if they can’t immediately afford the cost, which runs about 2% to 4% of income, depending on age, sex, occupation, benefit period and amount, and options. Applying for coverage at the earliest possible moment also ensures a better ratio between premium and potential benefits. The lowest cost per $100 per month of benefit is at the younger ages and for the longest benefit period.
His petty little mind is probably full of the dark things that mine is, but he don't know how to be the master of his universe, to blend in and charm and awe like me.
Good strategy requires doing some research. Find out if there is a need or a want for your product and where that market is. Look for the best ways of reaching that market. Set up a goal and the milestones that will mark your way to reaching that goal. Study the formulas devised by marketing gurus and see what has worked and what has not worked for others.
Nathan Hale, the American patriot will forever be remembered with those words as he went to his death by hanging.
From the creator of Sonic, a little game about a kiwi who needs to find it’s mother. When I say it’s a little game, it’s a very little game. It lasts about two-three hours, but the time it lasts is fun.
Beer description: You like the Beer and it has a good head. Any other descriptions of the beer? Color, Aroma or flavor? Maybe a little background on what a Tripel should taste like? A Comparison? Anything? Nope! You like it and it has a great head? Sounds like a night at Cat House.
I don't know if it would be better to see the movie before reading the book or not. I'd love to hear from someone's thoughts on the movie who hasn't read the book. Please share your thoughts about the movie in the comments; we'd like to know what you thought about it
So here, for the week beginning January 18th, 2012, is my first week of
Dash of grenadine
We sit and sleep in the lowest level
and still now you are! I wanted to be like you '
and the lack of 'real teaching' that is the consequence
James Robinson had one more for the road, police said.
Using first a technique called "poublaison" (a kind of tape loop) [2011 NOTE:ACTUALLY PUBLISON, A MACHINE THAT COMBINES SAMPLING AND EFFECTS) and now straightforward sampling with an Akai 900, Azar takes raw material (a Meters guitar lick, an ancient R&B drum sound, a string of call-and-response) and assembles a kind of Frankenstein dance monster out of funk-limbs that don't belong together. Check out the Hurby's Machine sampler of his creations. The different grooves almost, but don't quite fit – hence the friction, the rub, that makes the music so sensual, in comparison with the sado-masochistic jackhammer rhythms of previous hip hop.
Claiming influences as varied as The Birthday Party, Motörhead, and Leonard Cohen, The Sisters Of Mercy came together in England as the '70s turned to the '80s. Through a troubled and sporadic recording career that spanned a decade yet only resulted in three proper albums, The Sisters Of Mercy created some starkly memorable, deeply moody music that often gets lumped in with the Goth scene but was much more than that. Yes, you can hear the echoes of Peter Murphy's horror-flick pretensions in Andrew Eldritch's rumbling growl, but there are equal parts Jim Morrison rock-n-roll preening and Nick Cave swagger mixed in as well. Their music verged at times on pseudo-psychedelia, rocked hard when they so chose, and could become the stuff of nightmares with surprising ease.
66. East of Eden - John Steinbeck
I am new to the Catholic Church and to blogging, but I am giving it my all! My blog is Senttobe.blogspot.com I write from the perspective of a Mom, former protestant pastor, theologian's spouse, but mostly my love for the church.
Collection period: 2005
Student Billy Sousa, 18, was having lunch with three pals in a bar overlooking a beach in Nerja on the Costa del Sol when a girl he believes could be the missing youngster walked past.
The FBI's actions are in line with a statement last week by the Obama administration's new civil rights chief, Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez who recently declared that he was “shocked” to learn how few hate-crime prosecutions there were during the Bush presidency and has vowed to pursue many more of such prosecutions in future. We all know exactly which groups this racially motivated little bigot will target, and to which groups he will grant a free pass, or indeed in some cases, such as the Jena 6, who kicked a white boy unconscious, reduce the original charges to a misdemeanor warranting no more than slap on the wrist.
Youngest son and family are moving in tomorrow for a month or so until he gets situated in Kansas City. The house is almost rearranged and ready for them. Groceries aren't purchased though.
carefully cut the candy into small pieces. it is much easier to cut successfully when cold. actually, let me correct myself by saying that you should score it into which serving sizes you want when cold and then after it has sat out for a bit and softened, then cut it. use a very sharp knife.
Blessings on you, for keeping the New England aesthetic alive. You are a credit to your people.
Juliana de Dios is her name, and she is Basilio’s girlfriend. She is also the youngest daughter of Kabesang Tales.
“What about all these boxes,” we asked him. “Do you want to get rid of them too? We’ll include it in the price, no problem.”
Burn it down.
If you would like a thinner texture you can add some almond or soy milk. Also feel free to change up the fruits and seeds to whatever your favorites are.
Well... I think I wrote a hundred times here that time flies!!! And somehow.. it just does.... giggle.
There are classics, pulled out and played again and again when I’m alone. There are low budget sequels...
One of the moms had her baby last weekend, she, who was the last of our little pregnancy group to give birth, shows up with her new daughter. Yay for alive babies~right? NOPE. I gave her a hug and asked how she was feeling and said how her daughter looked like her husband. I'll give you one WILD guess if she asked about me. I didn't talk to her the rest of the morning. I was exhausted after the party. Kai said he had a great time...Sometimes I want to look at him and say "you know I'm taking one for the team little" but I don't, I just say "I'm so glad you had a good day buddy"
Takeaway: In Ex parte Kucharczyk, the BPAI reversed an obviousness rejection because the Examiner failed to provide any reason whatsoever to combine.
The hiring process will go through the Small Business Services' Workforce1 hiring program, as well through the New York City Housing Authority, and with the participation of Community Benefits Agreement partner Brooklyn United for Innovative Local Development (BUILD).
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (January 15, 2010) – Mike White can’t seem to stay healthy—even when he’s not hurt.
Michael’s pitch was raised even higher by the excitement. “You are a dog, a medieval imbecile who does not know when to quit. I welcome your death; it is the only way to make the human race perfect. The strong must be raised above the weak.”
unprincipled rich out-of-touch jerk which
You probably wouldn’t want to use this lighting arrangement for portraits, but it can yield powerful effects for a dramatic entrance of a dangerous character, or for conveying a feeling of cool detachment. Above: Dean Cornwell.
Did the police ask to interview people at the NotW via the solicitors and if so, were they rebuffed?
‘The Joint Terrorism Task Force will continue to be vigilant in its efforts to detect and disrupt any terrorism threat, domestic or international.’
Before joining Freddie, Mr. Renzi served as the operating chief of GMAC Residential Capital, a unit of Ally Financial Inc. He was initially hired by Freddie to oversee the company’s mortgage-servicing operations.
Let’s not forget the E-Ink display that maximizes the battery life and is very easy to read in nearly any light (indiglow backlight).. Construction of the phone is good, call quality is better than I expected too. I give this phone 2 thumbs up and my dad loves it. So if you’ve got a child,parent, or just don’t feel like having all the bells & whistles then this phone is a smash hit!
Since one’s faith is almost completely an accident of birth, then, one should be highly skeptical about whether one’s faith is correct. The considerations above, and others, led Loftus to the OTF, which he describes as follows:
This idea can also create a bonding experience between my main characters. It is an opportunity to build their relationship and rely on each other for survival.
You can also download and read eBooks on your desktop computer, but it is nice to be mobil once in a while………. for a small fee you do have email, but who wants to be interrupted, while lost in a wonderful book?
1. Nominate 15 fellow bloggers who are relatively new to blogging (or whose blogs you enjoy most).
2) Don’t Talk too Much
Route Descriptions
I would say that before excluding the possibility of such a right to be a part of the actual privacy and data protection sphere, one should analyze profoundly which are the implications of providing a person the right to move his or her collection of data from a service provider to another.
Apps that track your sleep patterns are out there, but I wonder if they aren’t the original problem repackaged and rebranded. The fact that we eat, sleep, and breathe our devices presents enormous opportunity for the industrious among us. Even so, the dependency probably shouldn’t be encouraged.
The 3 case guy is an exception and either has one hell of a social life, or is in need of some help, but I wanted to see what I had to offer.
You aren't able to post comments on the articles, but I stumbled across a blog post by the author (in French), and there are most certainly comments there! And they're basically what you see every time unschooling gets some new publicity, minus all the positive comments by unschoolers jumping in to tell people how wrong they are (there just aren't enough unschoolers in Montreal). And no, I didn't look at the comments to aggravate myself (though I must admit it does feel weird to have such venom directed specifically at us. It doesn't bother me as much as I thought it would, but it is weird...). I looked at the comments because I was curious if the reactions would be different than what I've seen in the past, since Quebec itself is pretty different from the rest of North America. For the most part, the reactions are the same, though there is a much stronger current of "these people will always be on the margins of society and will also be, *gasp*, RADICAL!" Evidenced by the fact I'm a radical anarchist hippie, because obviously one un
We are just missing so many opportunities and I’m anxious to see the vatican website start to embrace them. It’s exciting that they are beginning to do that. I just hope it continues and in the right direction. I got mad love for them.
Yesterday was the first day of Cro-a-porter. And I had the opportunity to be (act) a model
After the Kesch-Hütte, the way leads to Platta Naira (2397 m ASL), so that was another 235 m straight down. The scenery was kinda ugly, I usually see this in movies like Cliffhanger: Rocks all over, creeks and the path sharing the same way, fog, clouds, rain, cold. And the height.
(Lights out. They exit.)
I have gotten free things from offers. I have a free TV in my family room right now that came from a free offer. I have a wonderful picnic set and a clock, several T shirts, baseball caps, headphones, an MP3 player and other items that have come from free offers. I know that they are real, and I know that you can find lots of these, but you need to be a detective and search out the good ones.
I presently have no fewer than three (quite different) theses about John’s frequent repetitions.
The outcome? We’ll end up with a big giant feed here where people have linked to lists of classics that will then be linked to their personal discussion of every classic on their list. This will make finding fellow classics bloggers easier. And? It will be fun.
I have been following My Colombian Recipes www.Mycolombianrecipes.com loyally since I started blogging. Erica was born and raised in Colombia and now lives in the U.S.. Erica strives through her blog to bring awareness and appreciation for Colombian culture and food traditions. You may have already discovered her blog. If not, please take the time to stop by and say hello to her. You will not be disappointed.
Needless to say, this apologetic specimen did not have us instantly on the phone ordering thousands more poorly-designed writing implements.
And the melody that He gave to me
*To take advantage of this offer, place three of the prints that you want in your cart. At checkout, under the PayPal notes, enter "Emily A. Clark" and the name of the 4th (free) print that you would like.
1976: Tony Perez (DNP)
Lindsay Coates Herkness, 58, New York, N.Y.
Hello everyone, it's Lols here :-) We hope you're all looking forward to a crafty weekend ! If so please join in with our new theme !!
And who always will.
Friends who have 'ruggedized' point and shoots that are good for 10' or 15' of depth did find they sometimes flooded when snorkeling just that much deeper. So beware if you use those types - they also seem to have a fairly high failure rate in consumer blogs.
John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2001: Unsinkable Boxer (PU 20th); 2007 Eurotrek (PU 22nd); 2011 Eurotrek (PU 17th).
### radionz.co.nz Updated 19 minutes ago
Tomasz…You can follow him at @dkingpin.
Another amber. "Boldly hopped" my arse.
But we ought to. For it is certainly not the vision we get in the Book of Revelation. In Chapters 21-22, we have John’s vision of the life that is coming after the Eschaton. And in his vision, our eternal home is not an ethereal heaven above, but a recreated earth. The new Jerusalem descends from heaven to a new earth. There it will be the eternal resting place of God and God’s people.
The wonderful creator of both the drink and the bonbons was chocolatier Paul Young, who taught us all about how best to enjoy whisky in our chocolate (the key being to add it cold, as part of a ganache, to avoid burning off the alcohol). He was also very patient whilst we all expressed, repeatedly, how good the hot chocolate was. I have no doubt that DBS & I will be making our way to one of his shops before too long to see what other wonders he’s created.
The day started with a trip to the Santa Monica farmers’ market on Arizona Avenue. We arrived before the scheduled 8:30 a.m. opening, but some vendors were already set up and selling their goods. We browsed, then bought; browsed some more, then bought. Our loot included: honey dates from Dates by Davall, a handful of baby artichokes looking oh so stylish with purple streaks mixed with their green exteriors; two bunches of pink and coral gerbera daisies and a brown paper bag with chanterelles (yay)!
Tomorrow is a gym day, so that is good.
So as I lay there surrounded wrapped in a blanket of security woven by the love of my children, I allowed myself a few moments to remember some of the things I did right in the early years - and I took pride in them.
For an answer there came the strangest words:
As I was thinking about this the other day I was reminded of President Wilford Woodruff’s experiences when he was young. Often, when referring to President Woodruff, we speak of The Manifesto which ended the practice of plural marriage in the Church, or we talk about his meticulous journal keeping. As prophet he not only saw the Church through some of the most difficult of trying times, but he also led the Saints through jubilation as the Salt Lake Temple was finally dedicated and as Utah became a State. That he was a man raised up of God with a mission and purpose is without doubt for those who have studied his great life. And nowhere is that more evident than when you read his own account of his youth.
Needless to say? I don’t want to lose this (direct) contact with you here or on Twitter.
Relaxing back in hotel room. Yes, that's prickly pear cactus juice in the pink drink. I'm seldom without my prickly.
Break your shell
Our Tuesdays with Dorie group is finishing up Baking With Dorie after almost four years. It is hard to believe there are only a few recipes left. I have learned so much from this group in the three years I have been a member and I hate to see it end. I'm still not a great baker by any stretch. I still make so many mistakes in the kitchen. But I have learned a great deal and made a lot of baking friends. It makes me a wee bit sad of course, but I hope we all stay in touch with our other groups. I do want to go back and make some of the great recipes that were made before I joined. When I first joined in July 2008, I figured I would last maybe six months. Because of all the encouragement, I'm still here three years later. Thank you all. It is a great group of bakers!
Spring flowers
Western Oregon sent Sara Tucholsky to the plate. With two runners on base she hit a home run – the first one of her career. She was so jubilant that she forgot to step on first base. Realizing her mistake, she spun around so quickly that she tore her ACL in her knee. As she lay writhing in pain, her teammates were helpless. If they touched her, that would constitute assisting a base runner and she would be called out.
paper: choice snow white (taylored expressions), stella & rose hattie (my mind's eye)
It seems that, from time to time, a local church ‘pastor’ comes up with a ‘novel’ idea that is supposed to turn the world upside down and bring forth the next revival, the next wave of Holy Spirit renewal to the lost land of America. *Yawns* *Shakes head* It is terribly frustrating when the idea has nothing to do with the actual Gospel of Jesus. What one must do nowadays is preach stupidity like this: “God may have rested on the seventh day, but the Rev. Ed Young wants married couples to have sex all week long.” This is what ‘church’ is in some parts of the world. Frankly, it makes me sick.
The best thing about these jeans (besides the zippers, obvs) is that the white denim is NOT SEE THROUGH. No one needs to see this pale bootie through practically sheer, white denim.
When does it arise?
I would like your thoughts on my acupuncture situation...
Yay for ninja skills!
Onto target number three.
but even this water can reflect the top of the trees
Save $0.50 on Cascade Rinse Aid
So, when, I found a poem of hers -- Dream Five -- in my email box the other day like a small gift, I did what I always do: I coveted it.
sneakers (Converse Chuck Taylor)
“I will wipe from the face of the earth the human race I have created—and with them the animals, the birds and the creatures that move along the ground—for I regret that I have made them.”
Join us and be a link in the memorial chain and help us distribute it around the world. Please copy and send this as an e-mail to people you know and ask them to continue the memorial chain.
* Europe – indeed, the original EEC – was defined by war and rivalry. The reaction to this has been (understandably, but unwisely) the hegemony of centralised social democracy with the accent on an equal, not a growing, cake. The American entrepreneurial model is almost entirely absent…in favour of stifling bureacracy that continues to spend and spend. (The US has spent unwisely to subsidise its banker, multinational business and Pentagon lobbyists; but it is winding down its government employee benefits, cancelling its social health commitments, and paring back the welfare system).
I’d definitely be a cat. They have an inscrutable and ineffable knowing about them. I’d love to know what they know!
"Gaming the USPTO" by bad actors using the system to intentionally obstruct otherwise valid applications; and
through your Death gave life to the world;
The guide stopped again, shuddering visibly.
Those yields are far better than can be gotten from longer-term government bonds. A 10-year Treasury note now yields only about 2%, while a German bund yields only about 1.75%.”
19. Richest Man In Babylon (G-Corp Remix)
This doesn't mean the situation cannot deteriorate. There are ways it could deteriorate seriously.
I was his baby. No matter what age I was, or how long it had been since we last saw one another or spoke, I always thought he would find his way back to me. Even when I was 18 I would still get the lecture from family members that “he is never going to change.” It didn’t matter… I had enough hope for all of us.
Hideo Yamaki - Drums
The thread is by Lizbeth, with 6 little clear blue beads on each motif. The pattern is like many out there: a simple circle of rings. Stainless steel earwires of course! I'm skeptical of anything else.
It's was hard to test and we need a lot of imagepacks,
To be a mentally or physically challenged is extremely miserable. The stigma attached to this condition and day to day problems faced by this lot is not less than a curse. Anguish rule their families, the terrible guilt that they are not able to do anything fruitful to improve the lot of their different lots eats away their peace of mind. The parents are perpetually tense, as they the worst of their children who wholly and sole depends on them n all the activities of life, after their time. Apart from being a social problem it has economical and emotional dimensions.
The man in the chair shuffled..
Like I'm a hidden angel hanging out somewhere unexpected, like over the doorway of a bar. Like this little guy.
So here goes…I have melanoma. I had a new mole last May that I chalked up to a pregnancy granuloma which is completely common and completely normal. I did not think much about it until I started back to work this year and noticed when I cut it shaving that it had gotten significantly raised and wouldn’t stop bleeding. I was still lazy about getting it removed because I was busy with work, the kids, getting into a new groove, I didn’t know a good dermatologist. A whole bunch of crap excuses. Partly, I was afraid. I am a nurse, I am not stupid, and I knew the thing was WRONG!
Assistant Commissioner (Metropolitan Police) – there are three ACs, plus an extra, temporary one for the Olympics. They carry similar responsibilities to ACCs in Non-London forces, but on a broader, larger scale. They are equivalent in to Chief Constables.
“We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union, when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.”
Late this afternoon, the day after her birthday, the doctors office called to tell me I have a lesion on the upper right side of my breast and they are scheduling an ultrasound.
Gaia knows what is happening to you. She realizes that several very significant events are close and that these will transform your global societies. We understand that it is natural for many of you to seek comfort in your religious traditions, and we wish to acquaint you with many things that will enable you to see that these traditions are only a start toward a fuller understanding of what is occurring. You are on the brink of a vast abundance, and your psyche is to be freed from its old limited-conscious ways, bringing you to an expanded view of how your world works. This clash of perspectives is something we are fully prepared to reconcile. Your Ascended Masters learned, during their long journey toward immortality, ways to effectively introduce you to a new and broader outlook, and this is to be their prime contribution to our first contact mission. It is time for you to move from a limited to a fully conscious view of Creation and physicality, and it is logical to learn from those who acquired wisdom from the Earth school, as y
Malcolm has no familiarity with Scottish law, and only a passing interest in the shenanigans of Tommy Sheridan (Malcolm has a Trot-allergy). He has, however, heard of Douglas Wight.
We are members of the Sternberg Museum of Natural History in Hays, Kansas. The Sternberg is a great example of the value of an ASTC membership. It's a relatively small museum with some fine fossil specimens, including the world-famous "fish-within-a-fish" and others from the time when Kansas was part of a great inland sea. Their animatronic dinosaur diorama always thrills the kids. My favorite part of the Sternberg is the well-stocked and well-maintained "Discovery Room" -- chock full of nature activities, books, toys, and specimens appropriate to all ages. If we lived in Hays, I'm sure we would visit weekly, and never run out of interest.
As sim­ple as it may sound, there is an art to answer­ing cus­tomers’ ques­tions with style. Below are a few tips for you to keep in mind when you are faced with cus­tomers’ questions:
So here are some of things I picked up while I was away…
While eating muffins, drinking tea.
1-3 tablespoon water
Late in the day on Thursday, a student in my class noticed bugs in another student's hair. At dismissal, the babysitter of the child with bugs in her hair was asked to notify the parents immediately so that the child could be treated for lice. The babysitter called the school later to get the child's mother's work number as the child's father, who arrived home first, had never seen or heard of lice, did not know what to do about the lice, and was unable to offer money to the babysitter to get supplies to treat the lice. The mother was not able to come to the phone and was not due home until 10pm.
When I came home the house was immaculate. Carissa and a friend had cleaned it from top to bottom. She'd also done all of her washing, fed and groomed the cats, enjoyed a home cooked flat head dinner and rearranged and de-cluttered her room. And she said "You should go away more often. I completed three essays and read a bunch" and that made me feel both proud and not missed. What can I say? We raise our children to live without us. Mine is doing just fine at the moment and she's almost 17.
At exactly that time, Beer Karma showed up again as the suited bloke next to us managed to let a full plastic cup of light beer drop dead-straight to the deck at his feet eliciting a crisp ’thunk’ akin to leather on willow but with the addition of aspirated lager showering his Armani trousers and those of his assembled guests. Now I know why they don’t let glass out of the room. Two-All.
So with this years Bridal Fashion Week now at an end, we thought we’d show you a few designs from of our two favourite shows.
I’m gradually starting to add activities back into my life. Doing so is helping me return to a state of normalcy. I’m continuing to work on my feelings in order to no longer miss my wife. Yet, that need to love and be loved remains.
My dad would drop me off at the Riding Stables when I was 12- 13 and off I went .. on my own, down the trail, on a full size horse who usually remained calm and would run if I asked it to, I always rode back in time for Dad to pick me up.
On hand to celebrate QVC’s return to L.A. will be red carpet regulars Joan Rivers, Heidi Klum, the Kardashians, Kris Jenner and Wendy Williams.
3.) Excuse yourself to the bathroom at least five times. Tell him it's because you prefer to throw up your food instead of getting fat. Also inform him that he'll appreciate it when you two get married. This might get you a second date, though. I heard that guys love talking about marriage with a woman they just met. Also, be careful on the baby subject.
4) ABC Sunday Showcase: Oklahoma City Thunder @ Los Angeles Lakers 2:30 pm
Examining the wrong cohort has been a big problem over the years, particularly with the psychiatric school headed up by psychiatrist Simon Wessely in England, and at CDC here in the U.S.
In Ibaraki Prefecture, the makers of Hitachino Nest Beer report some damage to facilities, but they expect to be back in operation within a week. Ushiku Beer reports they will be affected by electrical blackouts in the coming week, but are continuing operations. Shimotsuma Beer is taking a break from operation for inspections, but haven't said when operations will restart.
As I got to the end of Face Value, I immediately wanted to reach for the next book. And then the one after that. I want to know more, I want more of Beck and Hayden (they are that interesting and they deserve it). I want to see the Bullen family pulled down and justice served. Of course, I also want more Dale and Joseph (The Only Easy Day), as well as Nik and Morgan from Guarding Morgan. Book by book, RJ Scott is building my Sanctuary addiction and now I can’t wait for the next one. The next couple. And perhaps a glimpse of those we have already met and loved. Mission accomplished, RJ Scott, a job well done.
What is used during a Seder
Luxe Sweets
Meyer was arrested for apparently being drunk in public and was put into the cells with eight other people. Van Wyk said it seemed Meyer had an argument and a fight broke out. Meyer died soon after from his injuries. Ntabazalila said no weapons were used in the fight. – Sapa
Enjoying God's Good Earth! Fondly Meg
Reports are out that Coors Light has surpassed Miller Light to be the number 3 bestselling beer in the US, behind Bug Light & Budweiser. One of those stories can be found here. Coors latest marketing messaging sticks to one point, only that it should be VERY COLD. (I agree. Kills the taste.) What is funny is that Miller and Coors are supposed to be helping each other, being owned by the same company nowadays. Looks more like sibling rivalry. Clip of the info below:
So worried about money, why don't you look into your Congresses pockets since they are so full, willing to give up money for car dealerships FOR WHAT A DISCOUNT,
And where tents are pitch’d, and wherever you see south and
Today we will think about something else in this encounter between Elijah and God and that is; sometimes we must take care of physical needs before a spiritual encounter with God. Elijah had wandered into the desert; he needed rest, food, and water. God sent a messenger, or an angel, to bake a cake and to provide water and then instructed Elijah to, “Rise and eat.” Then the angel told him to eat again because the journey was going to be difficult.
I’m forgetting everything. Losing things, zoning out on people. Interrupting them.
but I never saw how it came to me
done with the fish and the loaves of bread when I fed the multitudes? Do you not yet see that it is not about what you have to offer… but it’s about what I can do with what you have to offer when you bring it all to Me.
BTW- Next picture is from Urban Infidel. U.I caught Tracy on November 8 (Day 53) still carrying her suggestive sign (having added a jacket with a similarly rude message).
I've stamped both the flowers and butterfly in Memento Tuxedo Black onto X-press It Blending Card and coloured with Copics (YR20, YR21, YR23, YR24, G40, G82, R81, R83, R85). The flowers were cut out with Large Circle Nestabilities and framed with green cut with MFT's Dainty Doily Die. The butterfly was cut out and offset. Simply added some ivory ribbon, a bow and notched tag using a sentiment from JustRite's Just Because set.
And he said he flunked the driving test the first time he tried to get his license back. Crenshaw called it a mistake -- he thought he had a 10-year license instead of a five-year license.
When pressed by his wife he admits to having felt this way for about a year, not that he’s especially forthcoming, and the only explanation he can give for his cooling off towards her is:
I can anecdotally confirm that this has indeed been an active cold and flu year and am waiting for the research that will attribute it to contemporary weather patterns.
If you would like to link up, just grab the button and include it in your blog post or link back to this post. Then, link your post to Mr. Linky down below.
I’m very grateful for the Maryland ACLU’s advice, and am of course very encouraged by their support. That support reflects county, State, and national ACLU’s strong support for local resolutions about this issue, as part of their national strategy — shared with the Bill of Rights Defense Committee and in fact a range of other organizations — to pressure Congress to repeal this law. In addition to the Maryland ACLU, the proposed NDAA resolution is endorsed by South Asian Americans Leading Together (SAALT), the Bill of Rights Defense Committee (BORDC), and the Defending Dissent Foundation.
The eagles have landed. Unfortunately, none of them got off in a good way. The only person who did get off is, of course, DirectTV. I can call them a person, now that companies in America have achieved personhood status.
Patent Protection in China: A briefing on China's Proposed Patent Law Amendments, and a Best Practices Panel discussion on Registration and Enforcement Strategies-September 14 from 2:00 pm - 3:00 pmPlease join U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Attorney-Advisor Elaine Wu in a discussion of China’s proposed Patent Law amendments, top industry concerns and recent delegation visit from China’s Patent office; Tom Moga, attorney at Butzel Long on registration options; and Skip Fisher, attorney at Schwabe, Williamson & Wyatt, P.C. on enforcement strategies. "Download Here"
What has the A to Z Challenge taught you?
He was tripping over things and I could tell he really couldn’t see anymore. He was walking crooked and diagonally instead of straight. He really didn’t know where he was going. I was silently observing and trying not to get too emotional about it but it was a huge sign to me.
Look. I don’t hate Fred (Uncle Saul is a moron and Jeff makes my skin crawl). But the reality is, they are financiers, who have many different facets of their company and we wouldn’t give a damn about them if they didn’t own the baseball team we all love. What gets me is just how disingenuous they are. Normally, a team’s fan base doesn’t really care about the owner, unless they are incompetent (or in the Texas Rangers’ case, a former major leaguer, Baseball Hall of Famer and legend, or blow hardesque like the Steinbrenner family). If they just sign the checks and shut the hell up, no one would say a word. But as Metstradamus once said, garbage rolls from uphill, and at the hill of everything wrong with the Mets is the ownership.
Fifty Shades of Grey, written by E.L. James, is the first part of a trilogy (yeah, nothing less!) telling the love story of a young literature student (in her early twenties), Anastasia Steal, and a rich businessman, Christian Grey. Mr. Grey is smitten with Miss Steal but, as he is into BDSM sex and she is a shy, clumsy virgin, they have some serious issues. All of them are overcome very promptly – by sex. . I must admit highly disgusting and very badly written variation of BDSM sex – you can find out EXACTLY how disgusting reading some of the reviews, published e.g. on Goodreads (links to my favourites can be found
Eventually, I’d learn the right facial expression to make at passers-by. It was the, “Oh yeah? What the FUCK are you looking at?” face that kept the junkies at bay during my time on Vancouver’s Downtown East Side. It’s the same dynamic you see in those little dogs under the skinny chick’s arm – bark loudly and hope you don’t have to back it up. I wish I knew the trick a decade earlier.
Does Pop Rap amount to nothing more than a culture of D.I.Y. Drug distribution, where "Knowledge of Self " becomes a "Self first" attitude? Where Mc's become Gun-slingers and the Almighty Dollar is God, a Hip-Hop Men only jail bait club, perpetual sinners, Hypocrites drapped in Diamond encrusted Platinum Crosses and "Jesus Pieces".
In addition, we used to write specific instructions, but now they prefer to give verbally, and then later you get those 'blame' for not able to transmit clearly.. Sometimes, it's so difficult to specifically give verbal instruction ya.. In addition, people don't ask anymore.. they pretend they know, but in the actual fact, they DON'T KNOW!!
preheat oven to 425°
“Your sweet, loving wife doesn’t have an income right now. She doesn’t go back to work for at least two more weeks.”
1. Take up religion. I tried Christianity. I joined the Jehovah’s Witnesses. Agnosticism and I were good friends, and it really is a religion if you think about it, because it’s still a belief. Twelve-step spirituality rounded out my twenties and carried me into my thirties. Finally I realized that I’m a Witch. I’ve been happy with my path ever since.
These are all wonderful challenges so be sure to stop by and play along!
Janet Gaynor’s character, in particular, is a much softer portrayal of a rising starlet than Constance Bennett’s brassy waitress-on-the- make in Cukor’s movie. As starry-eyed Esther Blodgett, Gaynor is playing a character very similar to the sweet heroine of her previous film directed by Wellman, Small Town Girl (1936). Esther is someone who longs to escape from the frustrations of small-town existence, but who still keeps her caring values intact, and is happy to sacrifice herself when she falls in love. I haven’t seen enough of Gaynor’s roles to generalise with confidence, but suspect that this sweetness is an intrinsic part of her screen personality. In both films, people are always saying what a “nice girl” she is – even when she occasionally does things that might not fit that description.
When death interferes with your plans, it knocks you in the stomach! It may knock you down and you find it is just too hard to get back up again, especially if you have just lost your spouse and you are all alone. You may even wonder if God has left you too, because you feel so lonely and so empty inside.
You want sparkling floors, and hospital corners????
When our busy 2+ days in Portland were up, we picked up a rental car and headed east towards Mt. Hood and the Columbia River gorge -- good decision. Again, great scenery and great beer was enjoyed. We stopped at Full Sail for lunch and was able to get a few pub exclusive beers and a nice view of the Columbia River.
Bottom Line: HAUNTING VIOLET was there, and I read it. That pretty much sums up my feelings for it. However, looking at other reviews, it seems HAUNTING VIOLET is one of those books that's either meh or OMGAMAZING, with most people falling in the latter. So if you're an Alyxandra Harvey or ghostly mysteries fan, I recommend giving it a try. Not the right haunt for me, but maybe it will be for you.
Fred plied his noise-maker enthusiastically and appropriately throughout the game. Occasionally he'd look over and smile at me, nodding and smacking his lips. During the first intermission, Fred opened a small backpack that has been lying near his feet. One by one he removed the contents, lifting each up and showing me the item; a large bar of chocolate, a pen, a pair of gloves, a knitted hat, and a small battered stuffed mouse. I smiled and made a thumbs-up sign, and then rummaged in my purse and showed him the apple I had secreted there. Fred grinned and then pretended to feed the bar of chocolate to the mouse, as his caregiver smiled indulgently.
See today’s story at Sunday Star Times by senior writer Steve Kilgallon
The authors conclude that we need to put banking and finance under democratic control. They point out, “Debt is not a problem when put to productive use to create credit which facilitates physical investment and material transformation via infrastructure, care services, or manufacturing, as the basis for economic advancement and social improvement.”
More shocking, though, is that my sixty inch frame has not spontaneously burst into a ball of flames or split right down the middle like a cracking egg. I don't expect you to understand how tight things are getting around here, but torso real estate has been extremely limited for months now, which explains why my stomach has recently reached the far Western regions of the Pacific Standard Time Zone.
Miss Larrieux survives on a diet of meat, potatoes, cereals and an occasional apple but refuses even a single slice of carrot on her dinner plate.
Here is my version!
Now, if actually put into practice, this would completely fall apart. Kids know when they're being manipulated, and will often let their displeasure in this fact be known (I know that when younger, and faced with less respectful adults, my sister and I were definitely not impressed!); if they don't have any interest in something their parents think they should learn, and the parents force it anyway, it ceases to be unschooling; and if a parent shares an interest, asks if their kids want to go to a museum or sign up for a class, that's not in the least sneaky or manipulative, so doesn't warrant any conspiratorial aura. All that is, is a parent openly asking their child if they'd be interested in doing something, or genuinely sharing a personal interest.
Subsequently, I had green praying mantises.
I’ve got a bit more on character development I would like to discuss, this comes from both my reading for Short Fiction Class and my personal experience as a writer and a reader. Characters, the most beloved of all our writing tools, they require a lot of work. They also require a lot of thought.
And I am old
(That’s me driving over a speed-breaker.)
What's it like for you to begin preparing for your time on the show to come to a close?
The shame of it is that anytime over the last 10 years I could have called him and he would have fixed me I'm sure, but sometimes you feel that you can't ask nobody no more for no favor.
1. New Breed Of Godz (new song)
-With increased playing time for the Giants in 1961 and Houston in 1962, his offensive production slipped.
I realized he wore the same clothes Eli and the other boys did. Not good. He was one of them. Although… I cocked my head, raking my gaze over him. He seemed born to wear the uniform, like he was the pattern everyone else was cut from. My eyes wandered to long, layered, blue-black hair tied at the nape by a silk ribbon. Even in dim light, his hair possessed a sheen akin to mercury.
1/5
his insults
I know. I’ll wait for you to apologize to whomever you just slapped.
Wilson Phillips reunited in 2004 to record their third album, “California“. The group is still together and is putting together new music for an album due out in 2010.
The next layout has a 12x6 pocket. I needed that layout on the other side; however, on this side I really wanted to use 3 horizontal photos. Therefore, I simply took a piece of kraft cardstock, stamped the tone-on-tone map image, trimmed the photos just a bit and then attached them to the cardstock. I added a bit of journaling, stickers, stamping, and a bracket border to the top for Easy Peasy embellishments.
In the Blood by Better Than Ezra
Sitting in the nurses lounge on that hot, difficult, afternoon........
“Shad-up with the retarded noises and pass me the papers.”
#8: Blog about this baby shower giveaway! Linking back to our blog... when you are done come here and comment below with the link to where we can see the post!
It’s interesting to note that the Sachs Race Engineering website no longer details Rotary dampers as part of their range. Instead conventional Linear dampers and a Through-Rod version of the same, form the basis of their product range and their current Formula1 teams use these Linear format dampers.
and now you know why.
But, there comes a time – at least one – in the drafting of every new novel, when the energy flags, despite my best efforts before writing. I’m an outliner. I have never hidden that fact. I like following a plan and still letting the creativity flow. But sometimes I reach a scene that I’m just not feeling. I procrastinate, and hem and haw, and eventually eke out a sentence at a time until I refind my mojo.
Bell's Oarsman Ale
Work has literally been exhausting and nearly all-consuming. There's so much I could say on that topic but I know that that is the less interesting part of my existence these days so let me jump right in to an update on LL.
For me, the questioning of the education system--something so close to the hearts of so many people, something almost universally heralded as an amazing achievement for a democratic country, and the best way to Get An Education--and the realization that it was not only not the best option, but something truly horrible to inflict on the vast majority of youth, really startled me, and led me to start questioning all the other rarely examined or thought about aspects of society.
From my soul to my eyebrows
But I don’t believe military service is the only factor. Many of the foremost male writers in this field have no more experience than I do, but still no-one queries the credentials of Bernard Cornwell, Conn Iggulden, Robert Fabbri or Simon Scarrow – and I doubt anyone asks if they write romances. There’s something else at play here, a long-standing perception that the subject of war is somehow unsuitable for women.
I didn’t realize that every person feels loved/appreciated in a different way. Much to my surprise, not everyone is a quality time person. Some people have the love language of affirmation or receiving gifts, huh, seems strange to me! There are more love languages, five to be exact, that are identified by Chapman in his book.
she has no idea about anything
The last two days I have had post scheduled for first thing in the morning. The last two days I have come home from work and there they sit still saying scheduled. I'm going to try this again and hope that it's posted when it's supposed to.
Display:
I’ll see you guys tomorrow.
Global Programme of Action.
Dominion, which has been rightly criticized for reaping excessive profits from its electricity rates, at least has put this money to a worthy cause.
So this post will contain 3 cards! I can't believe I've been doing that! I noticed my little pile of cards was getting kind of high today and then realized what was happening...I'll have to nip that one in the butt rather quickly!
than in the American schools I had gone to.
With heaven, brought such requital to desire
and clothed, three days in Reno.
Yeah, when I’m in a good relationship, I walk around all smiles and people notice it – a change in my walk, that glow about me…”ooh, Lauren’s in love!” Then again, if the asshole did something/we got in a fight, people notice that my whole mood is dragged down and sometimes that interferes with stuff like job/school performance or catching an attitude with someone else. So I gotta say that the peace and calm from the absence of such drama kinda outweighs the “feeling lonely” aspect that pops up like once a month…
Poor thing.
Not content with charging enormous up-front sums for leases on the pubs they own, the big pub chains have the nerve to then charge rent for the premises on top of that. They also dictate that the lessor "keep the standard of the pub up to their specification", so that a publican is not even allowed to decorate his own pub without their approval.
When it came time to address Babygirl's pathetic little ceiling fan, I decided to go with something fun and whimsy...after all, it is a little girl's room. Sure I could just replace the entire fixture, but fans are necessary during a Texas Summer, and my goal is to make this dorkball fixture work!
That is kind of the basis for the theme of this week. I will ONLY be using cuts from the Sampler Cricut cartridge, and combining them with stamps from the K Andrew Designs stamp sets. Why? So many people look at a stamp set and see a "theme" and think that if they don't have a Cricut cartridge that fits that "theme" then they don't have a use for that stamp set . . . WRONG! This week several of the Getting Crickey Design Team Members are going to show you how many project ideas are out there from just one cartridge.
Kaisercraft
The only thing that the energetic writing and commenting by Chechar and Tanstaafl have lead to is to make open blog discussions about Jews a dead end. I didn't think in this way before, but they have changed the landscape now. Some people who would otherwise say something about the issue will be repelled from it by them. And in this polarized situation, some people who would otherwise have kept a more balanced stance will be sucked into their warp. This since, at least to newcomers, Chechar and Tanstaafl will appear as the brave ones who dare bringing up the "truths".
“Me? Me buy the machine? Why me?”
When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed
and they knew nothing
of love and life and fear,
Note: I work for SharedBook
The drive between San Diego and Mesa was surprisingly beautiful. The mountains lined with trees gave way to gorgeous unique landscape as far as the eye could see of hills of rock against a perfect blue sky, lending way to the sifting sands desert landscape.
So saying they set out on their journey. The owls flew ahead showing them the way. The owls took them to the mouth of a cave. The cave was too narrow for them to enter. But there was no need to worry. The brothers were powerful magicians and they had the power to transform into any animal of their choice. One Hunaphu transformed into a rat and burrowed his way into the cave. Once he was on the other side Seven Hunaphu called from the other side, “Brother One Hunaphu, show thy true self. For you are not a rat but the most powerful wizard!” And One Hunaphu immediately transformed into his human form on the other side. It was now Seven Hunaphu’s turn to enter the cave.
Can you imagine leaving your child with a babysitter that came with great recommendations. They look clean, respectable, and it seems like they can’t wait to take great care of your little one. But, when you get home after your great day out…the house is a disaster. To make things worse your baby is crying in the same highchair you left them in and still
No one really knows what will happen to Sirkus but Sigga says she will serve the final round in the beginning of February. When asked about the next step she replies: “I will just play it by ear. Whatever happens, happens.”
Flower measures approx: 9cm
The T-Rex wood sculpture is, I think, one of Mack's birthday presents. The thing of it is that it's actually not a very good gift for a 3 year-old (it came flat packed in literally more than a hundred pieces that had to be assembled painstakingly--think lots of wood grooves and slots fitting together) and it absolutely would not hold up to any kind of rough play, which...well, you've seen kids play with dinosaurs, right? Anyway. Not the best toy. But ornamentally, it is fun. So T-Rex lives on our mantle now.
Rachel
Okay. I might sound like an over-emotional teenager now but I was so upset with a person who did that to me just now. Period.
The Weeknd - Echoes of Silence - New singer, new addition to the list, I'm still breaking in this one, but I like how The Weeknd delivers his music so far. A LOT.
Prune for shape in the first couple of years, then pruning is optional to cut out weak stems or contain the spread early in the season, or tidy up, just after flowering. Many of the large-flowered varieties (such as 'Nelly Moser' and 'Bee's Jubilee') and some of the doubles (such as 'Duchess of Edinburgh') can be treated this way (Group/Type 2 or B – sometimes called Group B1. Is it any wonder we get confused?).
You will embrace every challenge and change that life brings…without them, life has no meanings…
Griffith also said the two often spoke by phone. "Our last conversation was a few days ago. We would talk about our health, how much we missed our friends who passed before us and usually about something funny. I am happy to say that as we found ourselves in our 80s, we were not afraid to say, 'I love you.' That was the last thing
“Unless, perhaps, you’d consider doing it,” he murmured, giving me a coy look.
And that was just my father’s side.
T: good detective work!
My goal for this blog isn’t just to keep me on track and brag when I hit my goal weight (fair warning I will do this) but I would like to share the recipes and hints and tricks that I will be doing along the way.
How do we get any better than this? Well, there are the alfombras, the mandala like carpets that are spread over the nubby cobblestone streets for the processions to stagger over. These rainbow carpets are made of colored sawdust, flowers, plants, bottle caps…anything that may make a powerful statement to the beauty of Christ´s sacrifice.
In this 2001 article David Keen says -
light, sweet and sharp. The scent has light notes of lemon and verbena, and a grounding base note of patchouli. Think lemons and the blue Mediterranean Sea. ELLA Day is a lively perfume for the modern, energetic woman who leads by example and charms without effort. (size 100 ml/3.4 oz)
Writer/director Andrew Niccol is no stranger to scientific ideas. In 1997 he delivered the Orwellian genetic engineering “Gattaca“. In 2002 he tackled computer generated imagery in “S1mOne“. He also penned the predictory script to reality TV in 1998 with “The Truman Show“. Fantasy and Science Fiction seem to be genres that he’s comfortable with but this is not one of his better efforts.
“Make sure you stretch out the elastic before snapping in order to get a good fit.”
This week has been pretty mellow. Stéphane had yesterday off for Armistace Day and since the school is closed on Wednesdays he had a little weekend in the middle of the week. We were supposed to go to Tiny Town's little memorial parade yesterday but the weather was so awful I couldn't even contemplate taking Fry out in it. We had some really serious winds coming through until after midnight which actually kept me up. Thankfully they have calmed down a bit since Fridays are pretty busy around here.
Now I have direction. I am writing down incidents I’ve observed of her bullying myself and other team members, and as I do it becomes more and more clear, with logic and reason, how she has broken her duty of care. The emotion of the situation is removed, and I am reclaiming the self confidence she stole from me. I am reading up on the codes and working out the path to making a complaint – if I choose to.
C.) Indian or North African
The task of dealing with the attackers fell upon Afghan security forces. American and NATO troops were reported to have been playing a ‘supportive’ role. Gunfire, rocket fire and suicide bombings were all part of the insurgent operation.
Sometimes I think "Ahh, to live the life of a minimalist aesthete. . ." then I remember who I really am.
I have to say that as I contemplated the season, I found that the sprints were very disappointing overall. I hope that trend changes in the Olympic year. Cheerfully, however, I found much excittement across the board, which I think bodes well for the upcoming season.
financial markets every day! The Chosen Masters cut you in on the
But i loved you, still love you like before,
Book provided by Library Thing. (Early Reviewers)
And I mean nothing... I read a whole book. I don't think I've ever read a whole book in just three days but I did. It was a good read and if you're looking for something to pick up go check out The Caddie Who Knew Ben Hogan. I'm not in to golf at all, but this was an excellent read and was the only thing they had on the shelf that caught my attention.
Yesterday was my sobriety date. Only problem is, I forgot.
like stale words fed by machine
Brownsville girl show me all around the world
~Steve Dotto, host of Dotto Tech
And here is the scary part: If the climate was not warming, the ratio would be very near 1:1.
In 2009, during Obama’s presidency, the Romney’s sold their 6,400-square-foot colonial in Belmont, Mass. where they raised their five sons for $3.5 million and they also sold their 9,500-square-foot Deer Valley, Utah ski lodge for close to $5.25 million.
dash of pepper and salt to taste
AGAIN, lol!
Bombed houses the rain falls inside.
The kind of relaxation we are looking for, we all yearn for- does not exist on the side of a volcano, in a rare flower, or on a desolate island far away. That kind of relaxation exists within each of us and is ours for the taking if we’re willing to put in the effort.
Come on out to a body-reforming, calorie-blasting out-door fitness class, for people like you, who want to get slim and have so much energy that it should be criminal, and who believe that fitness should be more than just sweat, it’s got to be fun and results oriented!
This is going to be a little technical, but I think it’s important since Bob presents himself as an expert on physics and astrophysics. In Galileo Was Wrong, Bob grossly misrepresented Fr. Olivieri, the Commissary General of the Holy Office during the early 1800s, by claiming that Fr. Olivieri’s entire case for allowing non-geocentric cosmological views to be disseminated in the Church boiled down the matter of “elliptical orbits”. (See here for more important background on this discussion.)
This same species of man, grown one stage poorer, no longer possessing the strength to interpret, to create fictions, produces nihilists. A nihilist is a man who judges of the world as it is that it ought not to be, and of the world as it ought to be that it does not exist. According to this view, our existence (action, suffering, willing, feeling) has no meaning: the pathos of "in vain" is the nihilists' pathos--at the same time, as pathos, an inconsistency on the part of the nihilists.
Gregory: I love twitter! #fluffytweets
And I say, oh yes.
For the most part, Debut is a collection of love songs. Some are inspired by flesh-and-blood passion (Björk croons the jazz standard 'Like Someone in Love', her voice cradled in harp and swoony strings). Others are about being in love with life or with her own bizarre fantasy world. There's one exception to the joyous vibe, the foreboding 'Human Behavior' (the first single off the album). Over an ominous rhythm track that sounds like thunderous tympani, Björk draws a disconcerting parallel between the beastliness of humanity and the bestiality of nature.
BF: No, they asked for money afterwards.
Oh, and to go along with the "dead animal" title, Aaron told me today that there was something in his shoe this morning when he put it on for work. He stepped in it and it felt full and squishy. So he took it off.
Vegetable oil or olive oil, 2 table spoons
How do I Control My First Impressions?
Oi! Vatican! Are you 'aving a larf? I go away for 24 hours to lecture for some good Benedictine nuns and celebrate Mass for them, spending several hours each way on trains boats and buses and you decide during this period when I am away from the blog:
You reach out to touch me. But, I stop you because of this pleasurable gift I desire to give you hoping to leave an impression seared on your brain to last you a lifetime—the memory of the moment I brought total satisfaction to your masculinity.
"Your blood shall stain the sand, foreigner, and the sun will erase your memory."
Yes, of course they have.
Ray-Diant has an acid green-gold hued base filled with mutlti coloured glitter scattered about. The green-gold base colour shifts in the light. I found this polish to be very difficult to photograph, as I'm sure you can tell by the lack luster photos.
These and many other examples remind us that Animism is real and the consequences of dedicating a nation to ancestral spirits are very serious. The Scriptures are clear: "You shall not... practise divination or soothsaying... give no regard to mediums and familiar spirits; do not seek after them, to be defiled by them; I am the Lord your God." Leviticus 19:26, 31
Age/Genre: Picture Book (ages 4-8)
Forgive me for not finding fresh content and kindly bear with me as I try to get the tempo…will be back to regular schedule of blogging soonest enough.
The older man
The last two trees yet to go up are the four-foot trees in our bedroom and Son No. 3's bedroom. I plan to get to those by the end of the weekend. That, and getting the outside decorations/lights out.
Baskets came next. Lynn always admired coiled needle baskets so she contacted a local artist, Pamela ( also know as Bazketmakr and Purpletoedgypsy.... another talented ETTeam member) who became her friend, teacher, and mentor.
To drink savignon blanc than chardonnay.
Since it was Halloween the other day, I found some creature in tune with the holiday. The vampire squid and the coffin fish.
Double Double check every call, you will be added to ensure that any accurate readings
until I've spoken with my attorney."
Two weeks ago, Heilbron dairy farmer Christo van Rensburg was attacked by a group of black males who threw burning petrol-bombs into his car which set his clothes alight. Then they dragged him from his vehicle and started beating him – but the Afrikaner freed himself, tore off his burning clothes and ran to the safety of his heavily-secured homestead. Dutch farmer Bouke Tack now is a paraplegic with a bullet in his spine after five armed black males gunned him down in a rain of bullets at his Golden Valley dairy farm on 18 March 2012. Thirty-five-year old Mrs Riana Schoeman was also shot dead while fighting for the lives of her small children on their dairy farm near Cullinan. And the SA-Dutch dairy farmer Loffie van der Gryp was shot dead like a dog at his milking sheds on his dairy farm near the world-famous Sterkfontein caves near Pretoria. There’s also evidence that black police officers are involved in these attacks: dairy farmer I G Siemens was killed assassination-style at Mets dairies in Tzaneen in 2002: and two black pol
When the international community convenes in the next couple of years to decide a post 2015 development strategy, it is important that it take on board the dangers of promoting quantitative goals while ignoring the importance of human rights in empowering people living in poverty.
But at the other end there's silence. Nothing. And then she laughs.
To create the very best Wedding Day Party, Tea with Mary Kate has sought out a few quintessionally British favourite essentials – things that will guarantee any event is transported into a rather splendid Royal Wedding Celebration:
· Set up a follow up series on your autoresponder
Not too shabby eh?
**You will probably have to re-adjust the ribbon so that un-used ribbon is all on one side so that you don't waste it**
And it was unearthly hurting that he, never accidentally, erased us – including me. Never, not even once at all, did he, for heaven’s sake, give a reasonable elucidation on the said matter. And other turmoil which I will not elaborate much further.
31. A Fine Balance - Rohinton Mistry
7. I'm leaving the country for six months, but don't worry, we have satellite phones in Antarctica.
Jared: She won't talk about Dad.
My mom was very excited as we left the book store. I asked her if I embarrassed her at all.
Well...I won't lie to you.
No internet atm, well, limited. Sky take aaaaaaggggees to get it sorted, I've been using this dongle for now. Hope to get online this week.
Our goal is always to try to find the Upside of D….hence the title of this blog. That isn’t always an easy thing to do.
Anal beads and a dildo pulled out of his crack
So, think of all those kids in your lives! Wouldn't they love to have a coloring book? Hand drawn, hand made, and packaged with care, here in Washington, you don't get this amount of care from the big box stores! And every dime goes into our adoption fund. What more worthy cause is there?
SW-140 Cardstock Stickers - Fresh Verse™ - with thermography and embossing (72 pieces)
was a drawn out adagio of aches, pains, and complaints.
3) Ovid’s Metamorphoses (long, long ago…)
Baking soda (1/2 tbsp. for every 2 liters or 1/2 gallon of water)
Or because of what they are capable of making you into? That they are inspiring, and encouraging, and kind and complementary to your personality such that when you're with them, you feel your life is moving forward and they move along with you.
We've all heard that cucumbers are good for the eyes, but did you know that potatoes are even better? Plus, you are more likely to have them sitting in your cupboard somewhere.
10) Get your tickets to Star Wars Celebration VI. Don’t have much time on your hands? Then plan your trip to this year’s Star Wars Celebration! You won’t feel bad about practically missing May 4 when you’re running around Orlando, FL in a Jedi robe. Really, you won’t. Get your tickets at the official website.
I haven't been paying as much as attention to the soon-to-be-released Common Core State Standards as I probably ought to be, given my profession. I just took a glimpse at the Web site, which today includes nothing more than the logo and the statement, "The Common Core State Standards will be available at this link Wednesday, June 2 at 10 a.m. Please check back at that time." Taking a closer look at the logo, I saw the motto, "Preparing America's students for college & career." I realize that I occupy a place of great privilege; for me, for example, going to college was a near certainty that I should not take for granted. Nevertheless, though I recognize that for far too many children, going to college or preparing for a challenging career may be extremely ambitious and daunting goals, I cannot believe that preparation for "college & career" is really all that a good K–12 education is for.
Lauren Nelson, 20, posed as the teen and logged into chatrooms frequented by men hoping to meet underage girls for sex.
- Adaptable - AGREED
JAS: In an op-ed you wrote for the Boston Globe back in 2009, you argue that all good parents are "de facto socialists," because they are constantly trying teach kids to share their stuff. What kind of response did you get to that column?
The only wood I bought was for the main frame work, this I got cheap, the only other things I had to buy were something for the roof ( I've used felt) and wire mesh for the run, and to patch up the fencing where the coop now lives.
The Maya who settled in Chichén (Spanish for ‘the mouth of the well’), around 550AD, are credited with an advanced and brilliant knowledge of astronomy, The most famous structure which is believed to have been built before 800 AD, is the Temple of Kulkulkan, renamed ‘El Castillo’ by the Spanish. This seventy-eight hundred foot tall pyramid, is actually a solar calendar with which the Maya worked out exactly when to plant their crops. There are ninety-one steps on each side, and another step up to the roof altar, and every day, the shadows fall upon a different step.
A gift (or two):
Roasted Cranberries
actually sleeping on the bed, they
I happen to be a big fan of Soul Food and Southern cuisine, but I have to admit, I don’t eat much of it around here, save for a few barbecue places that I like to go to (1) (2). Quite frankly I tend to save my Fried Chicken and Smothered Pork Chops, Cornbread and Greens for when I am travelling to places like New Orleans, North Carolina and Atlanta, because there’s not much great Southern food to go around in New York City.
When hired as an advisor, the Romney camp stated that Mr. Grenell was the best qualified person for the job and has extensive experience representing the U.S. mission to the U.N. One only has to look at his resume to affirm his ability to give outstanding counsel, advice and representation to the Romney campaign.
Around the corner from us, one family tore open the front room and turned it into a kitchen-take-out area, with one table for dining. That business only lasted about a month - long enough for me to try their inexpensive chicken dinner prepared Cuban-style, and then they shut down.
4. Occasionally, executing a maneuver such as a left turn would cause your car to shut down and refuse to restart, in which case you would have to reinstall the engine.
Another surprise for me was how much I liked Calliope as a villain. She’s good at what she does. I swear I could almost hear the evil theme music whenever she would appear on the scene. Her dialogue was perfect too.
It has been a busy past few days here in Averagejake land. Final preparations for FDIC, studying for an impending promotional exam, running a ton of calls at work, working out, getting the kids to their various activities, dealing with seasonal allergies, etc.
Director:
2. The discovery of a vast network of gray, mantis and Draco bases underground has now been mapped out; there are dozens of bases (up to 68) in the states of Chiapus, Michoacan, Compenche, Hildago, Sonora, Veracruz, Yucatan, Colima, Guerrero, Oaxaca, District Federale, and lower Baja California, as well as areas in the Gulf of California and southern Pacific ocean; going into the countries Belize, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Panama and Colombia, and tunnel transports leading to bases in Chile, Brazil, Venezuela, and Argentina; the islands of Aruba and Tobago retain clone facilities and bases that will be trageted in a mass effort to destroy all in a 12 hour period.
59) I am a klutz, and have been one all my life. There's a reason my parents didn't name me "Grace." I trip over invisible objects. I do much better if I walk barefoot. I used to go barefoot all the time when I was a teenager, and the soles of my feet got to be about a half-inch thick. I could walk over a long, long stretch of asphalt when it was well over 100 degrees out, and not feel the heat through my feet. I used to get detention every day in 10th grade for going to school barefoot.
David Ortiz- 2-4, 2 2B
you knit me together in my mother’s womb.
I really don’t know;
Using the NING Network, I designed and set up a new site for PinkEssence to be a fully operation Transgendered Social Network. (See Photo).
i googled "camera purse" and found a couple very creative diy-ers who made their own camera bags.
women human rights groups from all over the world
By God’s grace this isn’t a debtors ethic that I’m carrying around. That is, I don’t feel I have to pay people back because they have paid me with something. Rather, the grace of others toward me has shown me how beautiful it is to give and has made me want to be that way toward others.
I think the theme of awareness is an extremely important one. However, I also believe that there are times in which, in order to best cope with your infertility, you may benefit from a little judicious, purposeful ignoring. I have come to the conclusion that there are certain interpersonal problems and experiences that are better left neglected. Intervention only makes them worse, and only makes us more miserable than necessary. As Ruth Bader Ginsberg wisely said during her speech at my graduation ceremony, "Sometimes, it pays to be a little deaf."
Set an example - This life lived of righteousness is caught as much as it is taught. This can be formal or informal both. We need classes, but we also need mentorships.
There is this fear that workers will have their salaries deducted to fund the scheme.
5) Ask a couple of trusted colleagues, clients or friends for feedback on your draft – really do this because it helps! Plus, it’s a great confidence booster and low-risk way to share your writing with a small audience first.
A blogger hears about a debut novel that will be released several months down the line that they like the sound of. They look it up to find out a bit more about it and come across the author's website. Deciding that this is a book they think they will enjoy, and therefore also think they will enjoy what the author has to say, they follow the author on Twitter, after finding the author's username on their website. This author tends to be pretty active on Twitter about various things, and blogger responds to some tweets. The author replies. After a while, the author and the blogger respond to each others tweets quite a bit. They're not the bestest of buddies, but the author knows of and talks to the blogger. Then the blogger received the author's review copy from the publisher.
Saturday, April 24, 2010
The same roasted malt presence in the nose dominates the taste, accompanied by a slightly burnt character. There is also a very vague notion of wood and tobacco that may have been the hops coming underneath the malt. My glass was empty in no time, and a very nice aftertaste of burnt malt lingered as a reminder.
Dear god, if that was me at 90, I’d want to kill myself. I’d probably want to kill myself if that was me at 40.
While behavioral targeting can be critical, the more data you have on the consumer, the better picture you can draw. “We tend to want to simplify and specify and people are outstanding at having simultaneous identities,” said Wing’s Mr. Speyer.
In some households keeping on top of the laundry can be a difficult, even a nigh-on impossible task but not when they own a Hoover OPH714DS-80 Washing Machine. We have a household that has four children and two adults, three cats and a dog. In a household with two or more children there are large amounts of clothes that have to be cleaned speedily in preparation for the next week’s use.
You've been patient...
Isa 59:19: So shall they fear the name of the LORD from the west, and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the Spirit of the LORD shall lift up a standard against him.
Rarely set my clock.
I suddenly had a brainwave for a calendar theme (based on recently bought stash) that I thought would not only be funky, fashionable and very suitable for office life, but would also be particularly apt for this year of celebrating various British events such as the London Olympics and the Diamond Jubilee. I even imagined making calendars as li'l belated new year gifts for my team mates in the office ... I was really enthusiastic about the whole thing!
For this week over at My Paper Craft World...the Cooking With Cricut challenge was to make a project for Teacher Appreciation Day. For my project I made a shape card. Now this card is 4 1/2", it cut huge. I didn't want to waste paper so I just stayed with that size. This could be used for the whole class to sign, not everyone gives gifts or cards to their teacher, so maybe a card for everyone to sign would be a great idea.
"Harsh."
copy of this, too. Maybe someone can print a copy and bring it to
But in the end, both holidays encourage day drinking and some form of costume (faux staches, sombreros on one side, bow ties, pastels and big floppy hats on the other). So, while this is technically a cinco post, you might see a few derby deals sneak their way in because, ultimately, our goal is to get your drunk+fat, regardless of which event you chose to celebrate.
While media reports have characterized the Coalition's opinion of the rules as favorable, NYCCGC has officially held comment, ...and has been meeting with Coalition members, conferring with other greening groups, and consulting with legal experts to fully assess the scope and impact of the recently updated rules.
Now that the bill has been passed by the House, it will begin a journey through the Senate – starting with a hearing that hopefully leads to it being taken up for Senate debate. Liberty activists should be ready to encourage the Senate to make this a high priority, as it may be hard finding a sponsor with the passion to get the job done.
It’s this integration of the batteries and power electronics that has has really slimmed the 2011 system down. Mercedes AMG now quote 24kg the entire KERS, much of the 3kg weight loss being down to the reduction in the heavy power cabling between these units.
1 cup of arborio rice, mix well
They’re PRACTICE: Sketchnoting hones your skills in observation & listening, distilling and structuring information, creating narratives, and—of course—rapid sketching.
Several factors may influence the discrepancy, researchers say, including snowmelt, interaction with groundwater, flow and discharge rates, solar radiation, wind and humidity. But even after factoring out those elements, the scientists were surprised by the cooler-than-expected maximum, mean and minimum temperatures of the streams.
she tacked the carpet back down,
As much as I have raved about some of the tracks featured so far, I don’t love any of them as much as I love the next five tracks I am going to feature here. The next five tracks I am going to discuss are my five favorites of the month. Just for an added element of fun, I decided to do them in ascending order, all leading up to my very favorite single of the month. So, let’s get on with those.
Nokia 5220 Red – Welcome to the Globe of Music!
Progress was brought to a premature end at 15:00 when a gearbox issue ended the day’s running.
In such a desperate physical dilemma what would be in a believers’ mind? It would be the imminent prospect of being in heaven. That should not seem so strange for here is what we have promised in 2 Corinthians 5:8. “We are confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be present with the Lord.”
But while you're at home flipping through a cookbook to decide where to eat in Brooklyn, take a moment to appreciate recipes that are meant for an apartment kitchen. The Good Fork's Steak and Eggs Korean Style takes the process of making a fairly normal breakfast staple and adds the twist of kimchi rice and other seasonings to make it new. There's a recipe for mac and cheese courtesy of Dumont and a simple sweet tea from Egg.
There are self-publishing authors like JA Konrath, Amanda Hocking, John Locke and (on a smaller but perfectly formed scale) Joanna Penn who are generous with their figures but they’re selling books from the tens of thousands to the millions. So does that mean you’re a failure if your figures are more modest? Or are you actually doing better than most? What is the average royalty earning for self-publishing authors? How long does it take for a self-published book to reach peak sales? What are the most successful authors doing to market their books?
AIIIEEEEEEEE!!!!!!
Publishers must also learn to better embrace the most important part of publishing and selling books—the reader—and they must start to dispense with models of publishing which focus much of their marketing budgets on a fraction of their authors. In the new models of publishing for the future, the guideline will be strategic decisions based on building an identity with the consumer and connecting with physical and online communities. Less will be more. For the first time we will need to see large publishing houses focus on brand development and that may mean carving up some of their list into much smaller imprints with dedicated teams.
Existential and non-existential special meta-trageth time simultaneously
V stitch = 1dc-2ch-1dc or variation that when complete looks like a "V" (specific directions given per pattern)
There are currently no regional patent offices in the U.S.
Perhaps legislators need a lesson on how small businesses operate and the incentives that cause action within the entrepreneurial community. While only 43% of all Congressmen have any experience in private sector business and less than 25% hold an advanced degree in business administration,[ii] it may come as no surprise that they have little understanding of what drives the entrepreneur. To be fair, when considering factors that encourage entrepreneurial activity only a little common sense is necessary.
Cat Woman: iPhone.
My friend let me stay. I told him I just needed time and he was very concerned for me and agreed not to call Jack until I was ready. He wanted to help me but neither of us expected it to turn into four days. I finally agreed to let him call and tell Jack I was safe after the first night. I'm still not sure how that phone call went.
Why are you not afraid of the waves? Because waves are a natural part of the ocean.
So, even if Cavern of Souls turns out to be the bringer of doom for countermagic in Standard, which I highly, highly doubt, it’s a good thing when everything comes around. The resulting format might turn out to be worse than the one we previously had, but that is okay. Since there are constantly new sets coming out and rotations every year, Standard has the beautiful ability to “heal” itself in that way. The important part is that we as players constantly get new challenges in terms of cards, decks and meta games.
As is the case with the previous game the story is what you make of it by discovering locations and taking on side quests – though the urgent nature of the main quest meant that the story (for me at least) felt a lot more driven than that of Fallout 3.
But don't worry, I Good Burp isn't going anywhere. I will still write blog post about beer and my adventures with beer. I will link both sites to each other so you can jump from one to the other. There is just going to be more Good Burp to love.
Necessity being the motherf***er of invention, I took my first step at becoming an IT adult. I was inspired by my colleague Dean Bunn here on the UC Davis campus who has done incredible scripting to automate and make our IT day a little shorter and easier. Thanks, Dean.
thin sliced yellow onion
It starts with 8 x Run 1 minute / walk 1 and a half minutes then gradually increases the running time, reduces the walking time and reduces the intervals until you can run 30 minutes non-stop.
Channel A consists of assimilating a lot of knowledge.
Photos: Jan Henriksen (01, 06), Johanne Strenov (02, 03), Morten Heiselberg (04), Svein W Olsen (05)
Hubby has decided to update / restore the outside of our little 60+ year old bungalow (pictured at right in the 1990's) so it will last us 20 more years. I was glad he has been thinking in long-range terms, but I'm horrified at all the work he is having done.
Siblings: She had one litter mate that died when they were around 4 months old.
Citi® cardmembers will have access to pre-sale tickets through Citi's Private Pass® Program beginning April 23rd in select markets. For complete presale details visit www.citiprivatepass.com.
Eternally grateful. You cant posibly understand just how precious much your love means to me. You are so much more than my husband. You are my best friend. You are the amazing father of our children. You are my lover. You are my support system. You are my partner. You are all MINE.
When you need to remember God writes your story:
I remember arriving in Heathrow, very excited to be in my first cold country. I told the immigration officer at the desk that I was there to visit my boyfriend and she became very hostile. “You’re not going to marry him while you’re here,” she said.
In that rich earth a richer dust concealed;
The most eye catching element in this space had to be the caned wallpaper printed on a silvered background. It sort of gave the impression that the the building was open air, but it also added a bit of bling.....
After early dinner Balder, Yuhua, and me were just sitting in the tent reading, talking, making fun of Igor who at midnight went to cook some water and eat again.
now is the time
These were some lung-busting hills, ups and downs and perfect for the day’s prescribed hill fartlek workout. Lucho told me to push the hills to the top and recover on the flats and the downhills. I started on the Toyon trail and connected to the Los Trancos trail. It was a rolling, single-track trail with some of the hills lasting a mile or more, and the downhills were long and steep, leaf-covered trails shaded by tree canopies, beautiful twisting trails that my eyes took in ten feet at a time. I was pretty emotional on this run, thinking about Sharlie resting back at her temporary home, strapped to an oxygen machine and waiting for the call that would take her to the hospital and change her life forever. They told her it could come at anytime, but she may have to wait for months. I pictured her on the trails, walking slowly with her son to the lake, feeding the ducks and speaking in whispers as the fawn ate grass just below the trail. I also pictured her recovering here, with new lungs and a new heart, I pictured her running, and
The next pair was, for most of us, the most demonstrably different: hops from the same farm (Misselhardt), but from Day 1 of the harvest and Day 4 of what Ludwig told us was usually a 12 day process. Day 1 had a beautifully fresh aroma, a bit on the sweet side, where Day 4 had a distinctly lemony catch to it. Very interesting; the two fields harvested were separated by 200 meters of altitude as well. There was clearly something at work here.
I don’t often take the time to watch a video online unless it’s less than 90 seconds or it’s a subject I’m very interested in–but this one is worth it!
Alternatively, there may be a time lag between air temperature and stream temperature, they say.
Failure, a great, great failure, areas wholly lost and nationalism routed, oh they will tell you the vote went up, that compared to this or that and when contrasted with so on and so on but to the common people, the man or women left behind by government, their lives blighted by poverty, crime and lack of resource, it was failure, marked failure. Perhaps for some time nationalism at the ballot will not recover, indeed a vote for nationalism is always considered a wasted vote, “They’ll never get in, so why should I bother”, a common feeling amongst the electorate, democracy has a way of denying a voice to many millions, indeed money wins and parties are chosen not by the people but for the people.
See the WSJ article at:
So then I skip meals to make up for the snacking.
Callers said he owned a white pickup and intended to burn it.
You can purchase Epitaphs, the first anthology created by the NEHW, which includes only stories by members. Longo’s story, “Private Beach,” which is reminiscent of Stephen King’s story, “The Raft,” is in this inaugural collection. This anthology also includes a story by Christopher Golden, who has written a number of Buffy the Vampire Slayer books, and Rick Hautala, the recent recipient of the Horror Writers Association’s 2012 Bram Stoker Award for Lifetime Achievement.
So, we are having one tomorrow.
Image from Google
“We’re still getting the blues and Clapton’s still getting the money.”
I haven’t felt so good in such a long time even though this all happened in a dream.
Would be adventures should take some precautions about where you wander to. In big cities it’s easy to get on the wrong side of the tracks fast. Well in Ohio, I think the most you have to worry about is a rabid cow charging you because you are trying to take a picture of it. Unlike bears, cows will keep charging at you if you stand still. Ok, I don’t really know if bears won’t keep charging but just go with it. I don’t know if they were going to munch on me or what, but I got out of there fast. Well that is a story for another time. If you are smart enough to find this site then I am sure you know all about how to be an adult and be careful, but warnings never hurt.
Anne Robinson: In traffic, what ‘j’ is where two roads meet?
In short, if you choose to use copywork during your school routine, you will find that your child will become better at spelling, writing, grammar, penmanship, as well as, retention. Copywork is so simple to implement, there really is no reason not to give it a try.
Thou, promise of the Father, Thou
This is the 21st century and this is not the last time phones became of some use on the trip. One of my team members whipped out his smart phone and pulled up GPS. He was able to find a way back that would lead to a connecting road to keep us going in the right direction, and that’s what we did and it worked out perfectly.
Topbox makes their packaging as small as possible to be as earth-friendly as possible!
"Oh you! You made me laugh. I'm not finished being angry."
Chopped coriander leaves
“Are you sexually active?” She asked. Her pen was poised as she waited for me to answer.
2) Award 15 of your favorite or recently discovered blogs and let them know you nominated them. They will then award their favorite blogs.
School life ended for both my parents at the tender age of fourteen when both were sent out to work to support their families. My mother did not get to choose her career, she was taken out of school three days after the death of her father and sent off to learn to type, then courtesy of a friend of the family she was given a job in a typing pool. The money she earned was not hers it paid for household bills, fed and clothed her younger siblings. Being the eldest in the family thrust her, at an early age, into the role of chief breadwinner. Something I could never envisage doing to my eldest, with her dreams of veterinary school, nor is it something that we as a society would condone today. Children have earned an inalienable right to freedom, to a childhood and an adolescence that people of my parents generation could only have dreamed about. No wonder they find the youth today so arrogant, so confusing, they are in many respects a million light years away from my parent’s generation and they seem to my parents to lack grace and gr
Further examples:
10. Wopbabalubop (Soul Assassins Remix)
“Get outside and get some fresh air!” She would yell. Mom was a yeller. Not in a bad way. She was hearty and enthusiastic. She also had a wonderful, witty, dry sense of humor.
But, of course, the Tories are not proposing a review of these Pension Funds, and the fact that workers in both the Public and private Sectors are being royally screwed, both by the exorbitant charges they make, and by the appalling lack of performance that those being paid such large sums have demonstrated. When Bernie Madoff did something similar with the money of the really rich, he was soon brought to book, and put behind bars, but the Finance Houses are free to rip off ordinary workers at will, and the Tories whose friends they are, are not going to lift a finger to stop them. Instead, they will ask workers once again to pick up the tab.
So I held his hypocrisy up to the light, then dipped it in some gruesome detail for dramatic effect.
I arrived on Monday evening and it was one of those high speed hotel turn arounds where I had eight minutes from arriving in the room to the point where I had to meet outside a certain theatre at a designated time.
Catherine Englebrecht, the Houston businesswoman and mother who founded True the Vote in 2009 after witnessing an ACORN-style group registering thousands of illegal or nonexistent voters in Houston, told the voter observers from 32 states gathered for the summit: “There is nothing more important this year than your work in making sure legitimate votes aren’t canceled out by fraud.” Liberal groups ranging from the ACLU to the NAACP oppose voter-ID laws, claiming that voter fraud is almost nonexistent and that an ID requirement would amount to voter suppression. It’s certainly true that in-person voter fraud — the type of fraud most easily fought with voter-ID laws — isn’t the whole picture. Voter-ID laws must be combined with tighter controls on absentee ballots, the tool of choice of fraudsters. But filmmaker James O’Keefe demonstrated just last month how easy — and almost impossible to detect — voter impersonation can be: A white 22-year-old assistant of O’Keefe’s was offered the Washington, D.C., primary bal
Stevenson chose to use men as the ugly stepsisters, giving the ballet a more rough-and-tumble, slapstick quality that always has the children in the audience roaring with laughter. He shortened the piece from earlier versions by cutting the Prince’s world-wide search for the owner of the glass slipper and the divertissements of the faraway lands. His highly theatrical style perfectly complemented the fairy tale, without robbing it of the importance of its moral center.
12. For A Vestas Co-op, argues that if the statements made by union leaders about the profitability of Vestas were correct, then workers should not limit themselves to replacing their exploitation by private capital for exploitation by a powerful State Capitalism. They should seize an important part of the new economy, and run it for their own benefit, and as an example to other workers.
I use my gmail account for job application as follows:
Also during the Obama presidency, Romney purchased a home in La Hoya, California because, as he said, “I wanted to be where I could hear the waves,”
- has a pattern, structure, and rhythm that reflects the pattern, structure, and rhythm of our selves, it is an externalized map of the internal self
Everyone got to name one so you will probably guess who was named by a 5 year old and who was named by my Greek husband.
Since you are most likely to keep a regular job while undertaking an online PhD degree, you will have to choose a schedule that will fit your day job and will allow you to take lessons conveniently. You will then be able to concentrate on the activities on hand and prepare for your lessons appropriately without interfering with your normal work hours.
I set out this morning, with my now on and off beau (you know how that goes) to whip up a delicious French inspired brunch. He wanted pancakes, I wanted something light to keep my figure, so we mutually agreed upon crepes. Only problem is, crepes and maple syrup is blasphemy to the French. I needed to think harder. Why not crepes filled with eggs...but not scrambled then rolled, but baked. A few searches and I found I was not alone. Everyone from Martha Stewart wannabes to farmer housewives were tucking baked eggs into carefully folded crepes. A little ham and spinach and you had a whole meal. Just one little fork in the road (no pun intended) and that was...well the recipe called for over a dozen eggs. Goodness me. If I am going to consume that much cholesterol, at least let it be cage-free and organic. Am I right? So to Target we go!
When do we know if we won?
How is everybody doing in this freezing weather?
Extra entries are not required, but will give you a better chance. You can do any, all or none, just please leave a comment for each extra entry letting me know what you did so they will be counted Also, include your e-mail or it will not be counted. You can put your e-mail as youremail(at)gmail(dot)com if you wish to avoid spammers.
Experience Passion.
would make sense to represent the songs we still play as we play them now,
Hanno and I will be at the Cooroy Butter Factory tonight for the Permaculture Noosa gathering and tomorrow at Dymocks in Brisbane - the details are here. We hope to see you if you're close by.
Hello all and welcome to Anything Goes Challenge Blog..
At the ripe old age of 32 and 28, we had found ourselves in each other only three months earlier. Two months later (April 15), we married in front of friends and family. It was the best Valentine's ever.
This whopper Queen of Papayas arrived in the styrofoam box one week – one of the biggest I’d ever seen! Very delicious when lightly drizzled with a bit of fresh lime.
Chris Spedding (aka Peter Robinson), was born in the UK on June 17, 1944. A rock and roll & jazz guitarist, he's best known for his session work.
First of all, welcome ladies who are new to my blog. I wish you a lot of reading fun and a lot of pleasure off my cards.
As with D and I, Larry and Magic became friends almost unintentionally. Amazingly, all it took was one sparked conversation to solidify a lifelong friendship. With the most important people, that’s all it takes. But even after their initial bond was cemented, their interactions remained strained. They were impossibly different in some ways, were still both competing for the same dream, were still wary of each other.
The Vampire's Assistant, based on the popular series of books by Darren Shan called The Saga of Darren Shan, is a fantasy-adventure about a teenager who unknowingly breaks a 100-year-old truce between two warring factions of vampires, a peaceful group called the Vampire Clan who don't kill their victims, and a group of stereotypical bloodsucking killers called the Vampaneze. Pulled into a fantastic life of misunderstood sideshow freaks and grotesque creatures of the night, one teen will vanish from the safety of a boring existence and fulfill his destiny in a place drawn from nightmares.
There is no excuse for this. Pandering politicians are forever telling us that small business is "the backbone of America" and that it provides 2/3 of the jobs. It's all bullshit. Utter bullshit.
Changing tone now, for the remainder of this month I’m going to continue posting other resources on the blog. The posts that have already gone online as well as those to come explain my Christian life better than anything else can. Once October begins, we’ll hit the ground running with a few new series of posts. One of them will be a fairly-thorough series blogging through Craig Bartholomew’s excellent new book Where Mortals Dwell. I’ve also written a review of the book, which will be published in the November issue of Christianity Today. I’m hoping to bring in some readers of that review to join the conversation about place-making that will hopefully be happening for the remainder of the year.
I didn't even get the chance to hold my twins together, to get a picture of my twins together...the nurses then asked if I wanted pictures of my twins together...yes...God yes...but not like this. I wanted to be holding both babies, pink and fat, bundled up with little hats on their heads...crying and wanting to eat. I wanted pictures of them together playing, sleeping, the first day of school together...all the firsts...together. Not like this. It wasn't fair. My cheeks were red, from so much tears and wiping...I just wanted this day to have not happened...but it did. I miss you Nick with all my heart and soul. When you died, a part of me went with you. I wanted you to be part of our big, crazy family. You made me realize that life is a very special gift. I just wish that we had more time to spend together...but isn't that always the case. I at least got to tell you that I loved you very very much and I know you put up a fight to live...but now you are watching over your twin and helping him get through each day. Its hard, its very,
Las Vegas Harley-Davidson Product Update
With the rise of social networking however, not to mention the viral value there is in anything technically innovative at present, it’s those without a presence that are now risking their image.
Why they work: The Giants meet all of the above criteria, and have one of the league’s deepest and most talented bullpens, despite losing their opening day closer to Tommy John surgery. Their offense is mediocre at best, and they could sacrifice a quality arm to boost their lineup. You could shoot for the stars, and ask for Sergio Romo in return, who has been one of baseball’s best relief pitchers over the past two years, (200 ERA+ and 11.5 K/9 between ’10-’11) and is just 29 years old. The Giants have been looking to find room for their own prospect, Heath Hembree, in their bullpen, and unloading Romo would allow for that while still keeping two lefty arms in their ‘pen. If the Giants are reluctant to deal Romo, you could scale back and ask for exciting 23 year old outfield prospect Gary Brown. Brown ranked #38 on Baseball America’s Top 100 Prospects prior to the start of the 2012 season, and perhaps the Giants could be coaxed into parting ways with him for an instant upgrade to their offense.
Its eggs of confusion and discontent
It's also nice that the movie has sold in Japan and Germany.
- “Current pace” function is useless. It appears to be the least reliable out of all of the pace functions (you can choose between current, lap, or entire run). Again, not a huge deal, and not one of my motivating factors to buy the watch.
You’d think that after all the recent speculation surrounding her relationship with Simon Cowell outside of ‘X Factor‘, Dannii Minogue wouldn’t want to get anywhere near him. But now she is considering a return to the show’s judging panel, and is in negotiations with ‘ITV‘ to replace unpopular stand-in Kelly Rowland.
I will have more tomorrow (er later today) when I scan the newest drawings in, but here are some to start with, in case I sleep late.
Easter is here! And it looks like it's going to be a bea-U-tiful day!! I am so excited!
... And it has lost a LOT of its coffee character. BUT, on the other hand the bourbon and dark chocolate malts shine through so nicely. I actually prefer it like this, so similar to Black OPS, one of my favorite bourbon barrel aged imperial stouts.
Thanks to Sword Buyer's Guide's James Gall for his time in calling "Haz" out.
It all sounds so over-dramatic, and maybe it was. But stepping off that plane into the 100% humidity, all I could think about was how tight money was, and what a strange and pivotal point in my life I was coming up on. I wasn't even sure that I would be able to enjoy myself. I felt thin from too little sleep and the bright morning sun. For those first few hours in New York, it didn't really feel like vacation.
We will be wine tasting all weekend and soaking up some more sun.
She avoids looking at the terrified corpse and takes one more look beneath the bed. There, lying face down, is a photo frame. Within it, an almost stock photo of the perfect family. Her wayward yet long-gone husband, now replacing Ron’s image. Jasmine perched atop his shoulders, happy, gigging and Simone smiling at both. Behind them, the blurred outline of a shadowy figure, hanging from a
Some were forced into exile while others were detained, and a handful having sacrificed their lives for the sake of what we can call today “a rainbow nation”.
2011 was a bit of a strange year. I don't know if it was good or bad. It was a bit all over the place. If my beginning to 2012 is anything to go by, 2012 could be a bit of a strange year as well. Getting home at 4am is pretty standard after a New Year's night out, but when you've been clearing up glasses and confetti for several hours from other people getting drunk and having a good time? Not quite the same.
The green one?!
Ashi didn’t talk again.. Zen didn’t dare to ask about his father because he accepted the possibility that he might be dead or, at least, would never come back. But ever since the day Ashi asked the Captain’s favor to search for his missing parents, he was always eager to ask Kor if there’s an information about them. He was never losing hope.
suddenly “make sense”.
Purple Day is an international grassroots effort dedicated to increasing awareness about epilepsy worldwide. On March 26th annually, people in countries around the world are invited to wear purple and host events in support of epilepsy awareness. In 2012, people in dozens of countries on all continents INCLUDING Antarctica will be participating in Purple Day! ~ from www.purpleday.org
Some minutes later, as the banana became increasingly disgusting and now had dog hair stuck to it, he quietly took it to the bin and without a word tossed it in there.
I know that many of you have the cookbook in your personal libraries and the companion book is very thought-provoking. From the book jacket:
I could share my longing for freedom to write about anything without worry, or the angst I’m suffering trying to decide today, next week, and next month where to focus my efforts. Ok. Let’s go with angst.
What Luther is trying to tell us is that we need to hear the truth of the gospel on a continual basis! As humans, we are prone to forget, and so we need to be recharged each week by the teaching at church. This recharging gives us the strength to cope with the trials of life and to persevere in the name of Christ.
I received a copy of this book from Bethany House for review purposes and was not required to write a positive review.
About a million years ago when I was in school I took a print class where we carved our own blocks and then used them to print. I didn't really take to it. In fact, I hated it. I'm not certain if it was me, or the instructor or a combination, but when I finished the class I pretty much swore I'd never carve again. But then a few years ago I came across a book by Traci Bunkers called "Print Stamp Lab" and it got me thinking that maybe I'd like to try carving stamps instead of linoleum blocks. After some trial and error I discovered I actually like carving stamps.
Genuinely well-integrated Muslims gained attention during this period for the unusually cruel nature of their plight. Trapped as they were between the choices of a forced embrace of the mushrooming Islamic fanaticism in the ghettoes and the now almost-universal hostility towards them and their religion amongst other Danes, several prominent Muslims made high-profile exits from the country. It would be hard to say which side missed them the least.
But I will leave you with a further selection of William Wood’s wonderful illustrations:
We gave ‘them’ the candy we had — instead of doing the “normal” trick or treating evening. It was great fun!
Liam Callahan, 44, Rockaway, N.J.
he set my feet on a rock and gave me a firm place to stand (Psalm 40:2).
The humble sock. It has so many functions. It will keep our foot warm when it’s cold. It will make wearing shoes more comfortable. It will had a spark of color or fun to a blah wardrobe day. The thing about socks – for the majority of us – they are best worn in matched pairs. Lose one and the other will languish in single sock prison.
No post on Baltimore would be complete without at least a menion of one its most notable natives, Billy Baldwin. Although no longer completely intact, the William Woodward Gallery at the Baltimore Museum of Art in the added Woodward Wing (by architects Wrenn, Lewis, and Jencks) reveals a sensitive and interesting approach to presentation. Intended by benefactor Mrs. William Woodward, Sr., to showcase her late husband's renown collection of British sporting paintings in a setting that more resembled a Georgian country house hall than a typical museum gallery of the time, Baldwin was brought in to design the installation in conjunction with the patron, architect, and museum director.
Jalan Bulungan is a cross road with Mahakam. If you know where Hotel Mahakam and KOI Mahakam are located, coming from these locations, you turn left onto Jalan Bulungan. The COSMO store will be on your left. You will see a big sign with sky blue and green.
There can be no question that they have defined aims, this is not about conspiracy theory, it is obvious to all that there is a project under way which is determined to change this country and this continent beyond recognition. The native peoples of Britain and mainland Europe are white, however, day by day they become less so, and it is our own governments, our own leaders, cheered on by our home grown press who are doing it, and not one of them has a slimy green scale under their skin (much as some may appear to have)
Have a good weekend, people.
"I want to regain my first amendment rights. I want to be able to say what is on my mind, in my heart, what I think is helpful and useful without somebody getting angry."
I suppose the thing is now made manifest to you my brethren: this great and most concerning secret and mystery (sacramentum). What is the force of charity, all Scripture doth set forth; but I know not whether any where it be more largely set forth than in this Epistle. We pray you and beseech you in the Lord, that both what ye have heard ye will keep in memory, and to that which is yet to be said, until the epistle be finished, will come with earnestness, and with earnestness hear the same. But open ye your heart for the good seed: root out the thorns, that that which we are sowing in you be not choked, but rather that the harvest may grow, and that the Husbandman may rejoice and make ready the barn for you as for grain, not the fire as for the chaff.
So now, I’m interested, is anyone else out there feeling the need to read a real paper book instead of their electronics? What is it that you find most satisfying? And most importantly, what are you reading?
13th of December 2011
Said Kelly, grinning.
However, in the past few years, I’ve moved from fairly regular, if relatively low-paid, gigs in comedy and kids’ telly to developing fewer, bigger, drama projects.
But this cake is truly delicious! (or everybody at the party was just very nice to me) plus it looks impressive, I added some red foodcoloring to the buttercream, for a pink effect. this is an absolute must try for every chocolate/cake/sugar-fan.
doing the illustrations and playing the song,"One Love"
Revenge' is about 53 centmeters, square. The outside is
Things to consider: From what I gather, the funds go directly to the project you select which is fantastic, but as with most, if the gift you choose is over-funded, your money will go into CMS’s general fund, to support the costs of our missionaries on the field. Ultimately, it goes to the work of the gospel somewhere! I’m not sure as to the admin/fundraising percentage for CMS, a little more online transparency would be helpful, but I do know that they operate with several CMS funds for specific purposes, some of which are tax deducatable, some are not.
When I meet someone I like, be it a love interest or just a friend, I automatically start sowing little seeds. In other words, I place a generous amount of investment in that person and, if that person happens to be exceptionally special in my opinion, I try to nourish those seeds into glorious greenery.
If I want to do dungeons and/or relevant-level questing in WoW, I have to wait for moral support (i.e. when my masterful girlfriend is available to play). Them’s the Rules.
As if I didn’t need another reason to sew, along comes these beautiful stars in these gorgeous styles at the Film Independent Spirit Awards. Somehow these seem more wearable and interesting than what they’ve had in previous years. Anyway here are my favs!
8. I hate Indian Chinese. Its got nothing Chinese about it except a bucket full of soy sauce. We went to our fav Chinese restaurant the day we landed and it was heavenly. We both decided that getting back to London was so worth it :)
Want to whip one or six up for yourself? You need some fat quarters. I got a package of 6 from JoAnns. And you'll need some other layers like burlap and tulle (about a quarter yard of each) along with some snazzy buttons. Simply fold your fat quarter in half, wrong sides together, down the length (so you have a long rectangle) and cut a strip. For the largest layer the strip only needs to be about 1 inch or so. With a needle and thread sew a running stitch down the length of the two layers of fabric near the bottom. No need to be fussy with stitch length or anything like that. Pull the thread so that you have a tight ruffle and attach the two edges together with a couple of stitches. Repeat with other fabrics, cutting each row smaller than the last. With the really tiny middle layer you won't need the whole length of the fat quarter. Just bunch it up as you go and stop when it is long enough to make a circle. Then cut a circle of burlap to size, depending on which layer you want it to be. Same goes for the tulle. Stack them all up. P
Jesus died and when he did, he took all the pain, sin, and sickness with Him. WE don't have to walk in sickness. We don't have to walk in condemnation. Pastor Dan always tells us, "Don't work too hard for what God wants to give you." Thru the teachings I have attended with her, I am realizing a strength in the Word and in my own life as well. Its time to claim what rightfully belongs to us. Marissa is Healed. She is Whole.
It gave us classic best bitters, pale ales, Belgian strong ales, pilsners and Barley wines. The templates for virtually every beer in existance. Old school brewing doesn't try and re-invent itself, it's about quality, consistency and usually, simplicity. I love brewing simple beers. Daleside Bitter was always easy peasy and Mordue Workie Ticket is a bundle of joy. Crystal malt and English hops are as compatable as ham and pease pudding.
“We can’t stand by and do nothing as US companies are hemorrhaging from the cyber looting coming from nation states like China and Russia,” said Rogers, co-sponsor of the bill along with Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Md.). “America will be a little safer and our economy better protected from foreign cyber predators with this legislation. I commend the bipartisan effort on this bill. And I thank Ranking Member Ruppersberger for his leadership in getting 42 Democrats to join this important legislation. I encourage the Senate to take up the bill soon so we can move it to the president’s desk.”
I also always have a pair of my favorite flip-flops in my gear bag to put on when I am done. It feels amazing to me to take off my running shoes at the end of a race and slip on my favorite Reef flip flops.
I am Brian B. I'm a 42 year old recovering addict/alcoholic. I am married, and have 5, yes 5 beautiful children. Only one of which is my step son. 3 boys ages 5,15,21 and 2 girls both 15. My boys all live with my wife and I, and my girls, both from different mothers, live with there mothers. My wife Tracie, is my high-school sweetie, we have been together for over 25 years off and on. We finally got married in October of 2008. WOW, who would have thunk it! Tracie is an RN at a local hospitol, and I have been doing construction for most of my adult life, when I could, I have not worked in 5 years. We decided that I would be a stay at home dad when we had our youngest child. For anyone out there that thinks being a stay at home dad is easy- Blow-me! It's just not for me. I have made the commitment to do it though, and it's coming to an end. Lil Brian will start Kindergarten this Fall.
Soaring Spirit
Hope you like the new look!
The committee tells us that in accepting, as we do in some cases, the withdrawal of life-support treatment to allow a person to die, we are already practising euthanasia; therefore, legalizing euthanasia is just a small step forward. But these are false and misleading analogies in support of a false and misleading line of argument. It’s legalizing euthanasia through confusion. There is a radical difference between killing a person and allowing them to die of natural causes.
Under the War Powers Act of 1973, the President has 60 days from the beginning of any conflict to obtain official Congressional authorization for the use of military force. Obama, in a move which ruffled the feathers of many of the members of his own party, simply refused to comply. His administration stated flatly that the rules don’t apply to Libya:
(optional red pepper flakes if not serving to kids, we put ours on top after just for the adults)
When the previous class was done, his adorable little sister came skipping out, grabbed his box of Nerds, poured half of them into her mouth, and accidentally spilled the rest of them on the floor.
-Zest and juice of 1/2 a lemon
And then she quietly leaves
Year Of Release: 2010
This has been one of the most disappointing events in my lifetime, and there are loads of examples pointing to things most of us have known for decades about this country: the cowardice and failure of people in "public service" to plan for anything beyond their watch; the attentiveness of politicians in an election year contrasted with their unconcern when not up for re-election; the culture lawlessness a citizenry acquires when personal responsibility is zoned out and it's-not-your fault platitudes become the norm; the idiocy of not paying attention to obvious environmental problems in the name of progress...I could, of course, go on.
ED: New launch time is 0017 UTC, or 5:17 PM Phoenix time, Wednesday.
Hello Mr. David McClean!
"I love your titties" in Italian
We here at SayHey love Bob Hope!
The inside acetate boxes were:
As a manager of one of Intute’s ‘Hubs’, one of several things that concerned me at the time was the cost of cataloguing Internet resources. I believe this was eventually calculated to be something like (including overheads, etc) £80 per record*.
The beef-flavoured Finn McCool snacks are particularly nice too, although I've never liked the story of Finn McCool as in most incarnations (including your own on the back of the packets) he's a colossal coward, and I'm not sure that's something to be celebrating. Then again, the Titanic did sink, so who knows. Not me. Or you, you just want to make crisps all day long.
The Third Doctor, Jo Grant and UNIT become involved in a green movement – in more ways than one – in a Welsh mining village. Giant maggots, toxic chemical waste, an insane super computer, a rather tasty fungus, and angry Welshmen – 1973's THE GREEN DEATH takes its turn under the microscope in THE FACT OF FICTION.
The buildings housed the Philadelphia Aquarium for many years. In 1988 the site was restored and an interpretive center established.
In the afternoon we had a talk from Sue Rangeley whose work is exquisite and neat and insiring. She's worked in fashion for years and it was her little applique purse that drew me into the BBC series about embroidery about 30 years ago, and then onto City and guilds.
The NFL couldn’t then, and can’t now, invite anything that would upset the competitive balance of the league. The other issue that is in play here is that there is a seedy underbelly that comes with the illegal gambling that Karras and Hornung were involved in. Along with the usual work-pools, barroom pick-em’s, and friendly wagers is the desperate gambler trying to get an edge. Allowing star players to continue their involvement with desperate people with nothing to lose is a quick way to sink people’s faith that the league is fair competition.
There are over 100,000 publishers in the USA alone. With the exception of the six big boys in New York City and other large publishers, most take direct submissions without an agent. We’re talking well over 80,000 publishers here!
I wonder when I'll have time to go shopping LOL
“As Mr. Barrios sees it, the dark side works to block fusion through denial and materialism. It also works to destroy those who are working with the light to get the Earth to a higher level. They like the energy of the old, declining Fourth World, the materialism. They do not want it to change. They do not want fusion. They want to stay at this level, and are afraid of the next level.
The chocolate mousse is smooth, creamy and delicious. I use a bar of semi-sweet chocolate instead of dark chocolate as that was what I had, and it is lovely.
Mackinson refilled her glass.
“Although the idea came from the Princeton Hindu Life program—part of the Office of Religious Life—everyone from the Anthropology department, to the Center for African American Studies, to both Hindu and Christian student organizations helped to organize the event,” Venkata says. “It was amazing—this was the first time that Hindu and Evangelical Christian students were invested in and helping to organize an event together.”
I envy those people who are organized about their Christmas shopping. I really do. I never even start mine until December…
I think we all assume that our spouses will respond one way when we tell them we don't agree with them, but when it comes down to it, they may very well respond differently.
And you're here in my heart
I had a lot of fun with this card, a very simple one from me as I am only able to get away with so many trips to Craft Central to stock up on supplies, otherwise I could undo all of the good that is being done by medication and rest....so I try and get everything on one trip - a HUGE challenge in itself!! LOL!
“I don’t think that women ought to sit down at table with men. It ruins conversation and I’m sure it’s very bad for them. It puts ideas in their heads, and women are never at ease with themselves when they have ideas.”
Six months ago, we moved our stuff from a home to new place, just 2 blocks away. It wasn’t a big deal since there wasn’t much stuff. We did rent a small van, not a truck, to move a bed, large computer table and 4 large boxes of belongings. But the rest, was walked and also biked over by several small trips.
I’ve heard rumours about women who stop a hook-up mid-play to wash their face. Nick Hornby famously wrote a scene in High Fidelity, where main character Rob goes home with the sultry singer Marie (later played by Lisa Bonet with a smokey eye) only to find her so concerned with nighttime cleansing rituals that what he expected to be so hot and heavy was actually pretty… meh.
with Healthcare Services
9 " round cake pan
The Council minister (Controlling, Decision making body of the EU) is composed of government ministers from each EU member. For example: The United States provides an example of even closer politely union, in the United States, independent states are effectively combined into a single nation.
“We are going up to Jerusalem,
Simply-Seven Ingredients or Less; Rustic-Raw, Unrefined, Handmade, Natural is Simply Rustic's "motto".
Like Forget Me Not this is another book which takes on an important contemporary issue, bipolar illness, but with a fantastical twist. I wonder if it's a new trend, and I'm curious to see how Garsee combines the two. I hope it has the dark and creepy, yet emotional, storytelling that I'm looking for.
This conversation usually begins with actor being defeated by the casting conditions in New York and L.A.; being tired of struggling, being tired of rejection, and feeling they’ve not made any progress. There are plenty of actors in most communities in the country with no expectation of being in movies or television or on Broadway. They are regional and/or community theater actors and there is a nobility in what they do. It’s noble because it gives the community artistic energy. It’s noble because they join a family in their community. It’s noble because they’re passionate about it.
1. BlutEngel/Terminal Choice – slightly different styles, same singer. I have no real reasoning for liking either one of these bands, I just do. I will admit, though, that I prefer the tracks sung in German over those sung in English. Pohl’s voice is much richer and ultimately more pleasant when in his native tongue.
½ pound fresh mushrooms, sliced
Location: Boulder, Co
Secrets.
His hypocrisy in urging everyone else in the world to respect union labor except for himself has been the largest blot on a paper that has often featured very good journalists, most of whom have leaped at the chance to go elsewhere to jobs where they were paid a living wage. One of the longest holdouts of the present era is editor Tim Redmond (above right) whose prose invokes some mild-mannered, Old Uncle Tim who pontificates with on-the-one-hand this, but on-the-other-hand that arguments which are an invitation to narcolepsy.
1. Hair
Every night I returned to my hotel room totally exhausted, but with my mind overflowing with great ideas and wonderful memories. After all, what could be better than five days with librarians and Sisters in Crime?
5. Like Chris says, “The sign says school, but my heart says jail.” And they (or we) are looking for any excuse to miss a day of “jail.”
How to make :
He bristled. "I'm a Texas Ranger."
Next month Maidei will be off to Vancouver after her prairie city sojourn here.
The Mayan calendar spans a period of 5,126 years and happens to end on December 21, 2012. To many, this means that the Mayans had privy knowledge about the ultimate fate of the world. To me, it means that Mayan calendar salesmen didn't have many repeat customers.
I will let it be gritty.
“Germany Foodservice: The Future of Foodservice in Germany to 2016” provides a top-level overview and detailed market, channel and company-specific analysis of the German foodservice market.
So, when I had a dilemma regarding a purple cardigan you were the natural expert to ask. ;)
I am proud of myself. I post 3-6 posts of baloney a day, and when this one fills up I'll start another.
1 pushed
Strong Bitters and IPAs
Ragtime – In New York at the beginning of the 20th century, a white suburban family, an African-American couple, and Eastern European immigrants find their lives intersecting in unexpected ways. Duke Theater Studies and Duke’s Hoof ‘n’ Horn present the 1996 musical adaptation of E.L. Doctorow’s novel. Directed by Jeff Storer. This week: Thursday and Friday 7:30. Saturday 2:00 and 7:30, Sunday 2:00. Closes Sunday. Reynolds Theater, Bryan Center, Duke West Campus, Durham.
Other important news White announced was that Frank Mir will be getting the go-ahead nod for facing JDS. Alistair Overeem was next in line for JDS but a random drug test delivered after the fight with Lesnar came back with high testosterone levels. Alistair is sticking with he withdrew from the fight due to time constraints the UFC had on marketing the event, which they couldn’t do until his hearing with the NSAC. Its was a good switch by Dana because at his hearing yesterday Overeem was denied his license to fight in Las Vegas and is unable to reapply for nine months. Thinking that this would put a damper on the UFC 146 all heavyweight card White made some major changes that would keep in tact. Cain, who was originally set to fight Mir is now facing Bigfoot Silva. Roy Nelson, who was fighting Bigfoot Silva is now fighting Gonzaga.
Around a year later, in 1920, the Nazi Party produced and circulated its manifesto or ‘platform’. The most striking and perhaps surprising thing about this platform is its utterly socialist and indeed revolutionary content. The Nazis, at this point, wanted to provide full employment for all German citizens; to abolish income from interest (as with Islam!); to confiscate all war profits; to nationalise all trusts; to share profits with labour; to increase pensions in old age; to ‘communalise’ the department stores (whatever that actually meant); to execute ‘usurers’ (they went further than Islam); and to end all child labour.
I'm not allowed to show you the one photo I managed to take between sessions, meals and quaffing. But I can show you a picture of me with my camera, which sort of proves I was there, wherever there was.
Yes-Twenty takes to Bourg-Madame,
7. Ride - Dreams Burn Down
Is it really possible to repair a close relationship after substance abuse treatment?
In other sequences, such as a vision where gravity shifts and we see both dancers as if they are seated at a table from above, they become a couple, negotiating the differences and contradictions of relationship. But mostly this is an exploration of the ways in which human beings deal with and express their interior polarities.
Over the next few weeks I will be asking several authors why they chose to self publish and how they set about it, how they rate their success, the pitfalls of self-publishing and more besides.
“I’ll show you...”
* Michelle at Green Diaper Demos is an expert on this diaper. She knows how to problem solve everything with it. So she is a great resource for troubleshooting, so it is worth a shot getting the diaper from her. She is one of my sponsors as well (but I get no profit from you buying from her).
With a divorce in the works, and still one child not yet grown (now at high school) she admits that she should have seen this coming. She wishes she had been more prepared. "I'm getting older and jobs aren't falling into my lap," she worries.
07 - vern pullens - bop crazy baby
The two armies converge on the river. After a few tries, the norsemen discover it is a difficult one and, although it is freezing-cold, it is not frozen... The Scots are slowly marching towards the hill on their side.
As for an all time favourite, possibly one of the stories of the giant Cormoran, whose body is said to lie under St Michael’s Mount in Cornwall, whether it was put there by his wife, Cormellian or Jack the Giantkiller. I’d choose it because I love to stand on the beach at Marazion and imagine the remains of the giant buried under the Mount in the bay.
This gives us a clue as to how he and his kind view the Unionist community.
For most of the day Saturday I decided to take up archery, and to my surprise I really enjoyed it! Hopefully when I return home I can pick up a new hobby!
I have been doing fine so far. Like I always say, it's not ideal, but we're dealing.
We also have been working on the garden. We’re a bit behind schedule, for what I would like, but we should be all right in the long run.
“This has been going on for 2 months! You call, let it ring once and hang up!”
Dream shook her head,
You can go back to your regularly scheduled normal January 4th activities.
Let them weep! let them weep!
White people protesting this genocidal hypocrisy are called “race-ist”
The Ghost Goes to the Supermarket
This week is the kick off to Holiday Parties, Christmas shopping and festive decorating! Tis the season to glam it up, sip cinnamon martinis, and shop for the ones we love!
The public should have the opportunity to shape regulations and to challenge those that are unfair, overly burdensome, and ineffective.
But I do love reading about the way people live, and what I love more than how-I-grew-up memoirs, are George Plimpton-esque experiments that lead to interesting experiences and fabulously wonderful reading. Because of this, I’m hoping to embark on an interesting journey and then blog about it.
- Twenty years ago the average fashion model weighed 8% less than the average woman. Today, she weighs 23% less.
This combined great with a lovely fresh salad and the prawns with was served with a delicious home-made spicy, dipping sauce. It was divine.
The flip-flop has happened, as far as gross motor is concerned. Kinlee has passed Braska right by. So far, no one seems to mind at all.
Creating a new site is a big production... like the theatre or the movies... without the planning and the dedication behind the scenes, there is no show. My new French Essence has been months in the making... designing the look and making it work... What I have learned is that trying to be simple is more complicated than I could ever have imagined...
This home was built in 1925! BUT has had amazing renovations done to it. It's still old and needs some work on the inside and it's not perfect but I LOVE the charm of it!
The drive toward positive thinking is everywhere. It is “like a perpetually flashing neon sign in the background, like an inescapable jingle.”
Guy said some of the funniest bits of the show come when Kevin screws up or when they challenge him on-air by asking him to comically explain the definition of certain things, such as French words used commonly in the English language like avant-garde or nouveau riche.
Regarding the bleeding, it is normal to bleed for several weeks after having a baby. Again, the bleeding quickly lessens and will often stop only to start again … it is not unusual to bleed on and off for somewhere between 2 – 6 weeks after having a baby.
UPLOAD YOUR ENTRIES to the Photo Gallery and TAG them with the word "spring2" so they can be seen easily!
Expect more objects falling from the skies in the coming weeks and days. There is a war going on up there, pieces of ships, Draco and human bodies, and debris will be raining down on the earth. It will seem Biblically apocalyptic but do not let fear overrun you or keep you inside.
But I have really whittled down my list. For the most part, I find that too many blogs, no matter how adorable or fashionable or creative or popular or absolutely wonderful they may be......they are in no way contributing to a better lifestyle for me. What I get out of them is that I am not doing enough crafts, throwing enough parties with all my fancy friends, wearing a new outfit in every photo I take of myself, dressing my kids adorably enough, wearing my hair pretty enough and making a tutorial of how I made it so impossibly pretty, living in a fancy enough house, organizing every corner of my life, hand making paper for handmade invitations for a handmade birthday party for my baby that isn't born yet, etc. etc. etc.
At the mountaintop, we find traces of glory
I have hand sewing around the edge of my layout... I am still finding Christmas photos not yet scrapped so this was a great sketch to use 3 photos in....
The wicked and eerie works of Moses Jaen......
Jim Lindeman
5) In a bowl containing the mashed potato,add in the cooked chicken.
I know...you're thinking there's a catch. "The skateboard had an engine", "I had a very slow bike", "I don't know how to ride".
Lisa graduated a year behind me in high school. Lisa is about to graduate from college this week. I want to share how she described it:
Coconut oil cabbage
I agree with Sam that drawing skills can be useful to an engineer (or anyone), but my own drawing skills are awful, and I did not find Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain very helpful (I had the “classic edition, not the new one). I did a few of the exercises, but could not maintain the practice for very long, and my drawing skills remain at nearly useless level. I have always had a poor visual memory and poor hand-eye coordination, so most of the exercises are extremely difficult and frustrating for me. Other people may be more successful than me, either from having greater perseverance or less handicap to overcome.
Yes, he was serious.
This is something else amazing that popped up near our house this year:
A more enlightened approach would have been to engage in a discussion about why I came up with the position and what assumptions were key to making that position work. That’s what I wanted to do, but I just didn’t have the energy anymore. All day, every day, it seemed like that’s all I did. It was tiresome. I tried to stay as quiet as possible and let the officers run things with “I intend to . . .” but top-down was ingrained in how we operated.
...This is 'Christmas Party Tilda' from the 2009 'So Jolly' collection...
Peter Schiff: Well, I’m not sure. They might. Sometimes they buy gold, sometimes they sell it. I don’t know how strategic they are. But one thing I know for sure: the price is going to go up, regardless of what the Fed is trying to do.
that the miner sweated for
at least a piece of Gil was there,
‘What ends up happening when we lose linguistic diversity is we lose a bunch of small groups with traditional economics.
I´m taking a break from cardmaking and blogging, so I just wanted to wish you all a very happy, healthy and prosperous 2012!
Opposite this view is this picture of the TPE Highway tracks. I have always thought the two tracks are joined. Now I see that they are not.
In 2007, New York legislators approved one of the more expansive sex trafficking laws in the country — a law that, outside of New York City, has rarely been used.
At least I did.
Before this year, I simply avoided politics. I certainly measured up to many of the stereotypes proposed to the doom-and-gloom, Armegedon type theorist. “Why even get involved in politics? It’s so far gone, it’s just a sinking ship.” Trying to find the balance of how I can make a difference has been both challenging and rewarding. So today, I want to encourage and challenge you to take a close examination of the political positions you hold so dear, the scope of your impact has in society, and the lessons I’ve learned in my journey along the way.
I also laid out the "Cabbages and Roses" blocks. There will be more blocks...a 9-patch made out of the leftover jelly roll strip, that will alternate between the Squares block. I just need to decide if I like the darker colours...the red and dark blue in the mix before I make up the 9-patch blocks. So this is the combination of the blocks so far...
A decision that many of us have had to make in our lives.
No steps really needed here.
Well , this is my last week as a temp. Next week I start my new job as permanent staff in the building across the road from where I am at the moment. As the team I've been working with for the past six months move over the following week , it won't be much different. We have a new computer system to contend with but I won't be 'the new girl' on that as we all have to learn it.The seating arrangements are different as well - not so cosy !!! but this may not be such a bad thing.
How about the Dow Jones?
A knowing grin crossed his face as he came closer. “Perhaps milady, you should go inside your chamber. Do you require assistance?”
Starring: Kirsten Dunst, Charlotte Gainsborough, Kiefer Sutherland
Happy Knitting,
Bristlecone pine chronologies were used to re-calibrate the radio carbon dating process.
Holly had this idea since Christmas when one of the stores had a set of Russian Dolls in their gift range. We used a goose, chicken, duck and (plastic) quail egg to get the dolls sizes, and after I drew the outlines for her, she painted all the colours. I love it so much, I think I'll keep it to display every Easter!
Preface: This 12 oz. bottle of Dos Equis Lager Especial was purchased for $1.88(USD) at Key Food in Brooklyn Heights, Brooklyn, NY. There is a note stamped on the label: “Please drink by the end of the month notched…” in this case it is February 2010
The cons include loosing a lot of my curiosity for many things in life, having my love of reading and writing almost completely squashed, having mean and disrespectful teachers, experiencing an invasion of privacy, and—something I’ve been recently noticing about my body compared to my brother’s—not getting the sufficient amount of sleep needed for a growing boy.
NNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
“I didn’t want a crazy picture or gossip story to break the news… so I decided to say nothing and proudly show my baby bump. I felt it was more powerful to see the love and enthusiasm as opposed to saying anything”, Beyonce tells Bazaar.
This is Proton’s biggest challenge. Jalil said the more pertinent question at this time is not if Khazanah were to sell its Proton stake to DRB-Hicom, but if Proton can just survive by being Proton.
press
Who you're looking at.
A complete history of the Irish stout industry would be an interesting and instructive thing. It has never been written. Nor even, in the whole mass of brewing literature, have we come across a treatise dealing deeply and exhaustively with the principles of blending malt liquors, and the mysterious changes and flavours Induced by vatting in immense bulk. It is passing strange that so little has been done on this side of the Channel to account for the Complexities of Irish brewing. Considering that the most gigantic brewing concern in the world has arisen from these complexities, entirely on a free-trade basis, and that it still grows faster, perhaps, than any other existing firm it would seem worth while in this scientific age to attempt to get to the scientific bottom of it.
"Whites, Coloureds and Asians would be corralled into demographic pens in all aspects of their economic and professional lives according to the percentage of the population they represent," he said. "The prospects of South African citizens would once again be determined by the colour of their skins - and not by their skills, their contribution."
After a bit of frustration (Reader's Digest refuses to be crawled by the Internet Archive) I found the page here, thanks to Diigo. Should anything happen to that link, and because it relies on a timestamped access key (for a cached page from 2009?), here is a base-64-encoded version; a high definition PNG is below.
2.Add in some flour to mix well.
Additional hints about the widespread, uncontained disposal of radioactive wastes of every type and description can be gleaned from many of the U.S. military source point citations; the question now is what is the location and what are the quantities of other isotopes characterizing reprocessed spent fuel including 238Pu, 241Pu and 242Pu which have been produced as waste during the production of more than 30,000 nuclear weapons? When will the Department of Energy reconcile the ORNL Integrated Database (IDB) with the report Plutonium: The First 50 Years issued in February of this year? The necessity for this reconciliation is noted at the end of the report on page 79: “The Department has formed a working group to analyze NMMSS, IDB, and other Departmental tracking systems and to make recommendations on the appropriateness of integrating the various inventory systems or developing a new tracking system for all forms of plutonium.”
“As I would not stand the humiliation any longer, I warned the armed man to know that the lady is my wife and that it would not be good doing the thing in my presence. My effrontery angered the idiot, who corked his gun and threatened to shoot me. One of them armed with machete, got more infuriated and hit me with a sharp object on my head and I fell. “At the point of death, I watched the idiots raping my wife in turn. I passed out as I could not stand it any longer.”
Growing up, I admired the pages of the decorating magazines my mom would bring into the house from time to time. I remember when Country Living magazine was all about “homespun”, and I watched their progression throughout the years with anticipation and delight. Right out of highschool, I paid for my first subscription of House Beautiful. Little did I know, that would be just the beginning of a burgeoning collection.
I feel like Eloise of the Rockies! (If you have never read the Eloise books, about Eloise, a six–year-old girl who lives at the Plaza Hotel in New York with her nanny, her dog Weenie and her turtle, Skipperdee, they are a delight. Inspiring, too.)
No soul,
The 24-hour waiting period is. . .actually, I can sort of get behind that. Someone comes in, you offer (but don't force) the information on them, offer them counseling, and they can make an appointment to come in the next day. That could work, I guess. So we'll keep the 24-hour waiting period, but I think the rest is crap.
But the real damage was done less publicly. South Africa had followed the British university model in which the crucial academic body was the university senate, composed of all the professors. What this guaranteed was that in day-to-day governance universities were run as a republic of the scholars. This was, in the last analysis, the best guarantee of academic freedom and academic standards.
P.S. 046 Edward C. Blum
Trainer: Tim Vaughan Breeder: Juddmonte Farms Jockey: Dougie Costello
LOCAL SLF: Decatur vendors the SLF will be branching off into a new Decatur Local Favorites Group and I encourage you all to get in on the ground floor here. Memberships are limited. We will be meeting May 22 at 6:00 so feel free to email me mail@sjanephotography.com for more information on how to get involved.
Psalm 1
This week, Mon and Tues I am Co-Training my very first training. I am no longer just observing. I am nervous but excited. Wish me luck. I have been teaching small sections to get practice speaking in front of people. The first time I was given a larger portion I felt really good about it. The trainees were all responsive and gave good feedback. I was feeling good…then it was break time and I went to the bathroom and realized my zipper had been down the entire time! Awesome.
I did get a little crafting done the day after Christmas. I've had this box for a year and I knew what I wanted to do with it as soon as I got it, but I just hadn't taken the time. It was painted blue and cream and had light houses painted all over it. So I took it to the garage and painted the oval box white and the lid a flat black.
After the service we got cake, which was excellent. Gave us something to eat whilst waiting for the photographer to finish with the bride and groom. And it was chocolate cake, which was even better. I'm not a fan of fruit cake, I much prefer chocolate. Not so heavy and tastes great. I don't think I've ever tasted a chocolate cake that didn't taste good.
To keep them longer healthy, we advise you do not pour ice cold water when the pot is heated. Also, do not scrape the bottom of the pot with a hot spoon. Enamel is brittle and fragile.
The track begins an atmospheric, windblown plain as cybernetic crickets chirp subtly in the background. Godwin makes his entry awash in a sea of reverb, imparting a paradoxical sound to the song that simultaneously manages to invoke expansive vistas and also an impossibly intimate space for it to unfurl languorously in. Fender Rhodes piano and synth bass propel the evasive melody forward and shockingly, a touch of vocoder appears on Peter’s backing vocals about halfway through. The song’s dissolute melody always doubles back on the its inorexible pulse forward as fostered by the deliberate rhythm programming. Subtle washes of guitar appear at the fringes of the song to only recede as soon as you notice them.
Otago 4.8% to 5.2% (6,400 to 6,700)
Well....I can now breathe. It's in....and the opening is Friday evening and runs through the weekend.
* Doesn’t Require Big Initial Investment
I'll be there just for you
In no way does this operator permanently affect the value of the variable… it is a unary operator that behaves like other unary operators. Just as the expression -a has no permanent effect on the value of a, neither does the expression (float) a.
She has mixed feelings when she hears the strange tales about the princesses and the people lying sleeping in the tower. The people won't wake up, they're just like vegetables While it's horrible, if Reveka can figure out the mystery, she'll have a dowry big enough to make her dreams come true.
25. Laid on your back and watched cloud shapes go by? - The laid on my back part, probably a while ago (as in years.) But sitting back and watching them? Whenever I can.
They were reasonable priced so I got 18 of them when I saw another ones that were prettier and two for the price of the ones I already had in the shopping cart.
Prosecutor Neil Scott said that many of the animals had been suffering from complaints affecting their eyes, teeth, ears and skin, some of them for up to a year.
Orlando
After I made these I looked through the challenges going on and do you know not one challenge is after anything like this...............wonder why..................lol
Revolutions and democracy are not easy. People who think you have a revolution one day and the next day you have democracy, stability and economic growth – no, that’s a joke. I think Syria is going to be in turmoil for the coming three to five years but at the same time I think that’s totally fine. We’ve been under the Assad regime for the past 41 years and under the Baaths since 1963 and it’s getting time to be able to get rid of them.
*We're still doing our research.
You bet Jurassic, there's no stoppin' the dinosaurs from hoppin'! Get hip to the prehistoric jive of this month's Big Enchilada featuring giant reptilian rock 'n' roll. Shake your dinosaur bones to The Hickoids, J.C. Satan, Persian Claws, The Terrorists, The Mighties and Bedrockin' New Mexico bands like The Blood-Drained Cows, The Dirty Novels and -- from the tar pits of time, Jimmy Gilmer & The Fireballs.
RECOMMENDATION: High-tension horror movie aficionados should like this. Some people did not. This got a 6.4/10 on IMDB.
The best comedy comes from one or two loons working on a project undisturbed."
"Over the Mountains
For my DT card this time i chose the top line ...buttons,ribbon and flowersThe stunning image is from the digi doodle shop and she is called "tu tu shy". You will find here here
CAPTAINS, Post of Three Years—Full Dress.
Marlene P: What kind of research did you have to do for this story?
According to Intellectual Property Watch on April 15, 2005, members of the World Intellectual Property Organisation (WIPO) on Friday failed to agree on the proper role for a permanent committee on technical cooperation that could impact larger efforts by some to reform WIPO toward development issues.
Books For Charity or Scam For Profit? (May 22): My personal favorite of my more journalistic stories, this post arose from some local concern about those big blue bins that offer to swallow up second-hand books for charity. I truly enjoyed digging up the truth and raising public awareness. This was also one of my most re-posted stories, which was very gratifying..
she is here and one VERY shabby chic Tilda
Go forth, the Mass is ended.
unified public face for evangelicism for social action and public engagement. In fact, the self-description of Christianity Today at its’ founding in 1956 was as, “transdenominational literature speaking in a clear voice on behalf of evangelical Christianity.” This is no doubt a noble intention, and it has probably had some of the intended effect of promoting moral dialogue and displaying for the world a truer model of justice then self-interest.
Honestly, I don't remember what happened next. I'm pretty sure I let my doctor know of my reaction, but I don't remember going back to see him right away. By this time my husband was on his way home for 2 weeks of leave, and I thought maybe the headache was just stress. It HAD just started right before the crazy back-to-school schedule, so I thought maybe having him around would relieve the stress and the headache. I even planned a weekend away at a lake with a couple friends while he was home. After my trip to the lake ended without relief, my husband went with me back to the doctor. It was then that he decided it was likely upper back and neck strain (I have a bit of weight to lose and a more-than-ample chest, so my back, neck, and shoulders are always tight). He prescribed a muscle relaxant and physical therapy.
Alas recently their (down-hole) tool failed and their stock dropped 35 percent. The stock has since drooped a little more. But it was - as the CEO pointed out - a promising well. They had approximately 200 feet of "net resistive sands" which my readers helpfully point out means sandstone with low electrical conductivity and hence possibly saturated with hydrocarbons.
This year Navrathri Pujai starts on Wednesday, the 28th September. There is a practice to arrange Dolls/Golu Padi on Mahalaya Amavasya day, which is considered auspicious day. Also Kalasa Sthapana is done on that day, choseing an auspicious time. The Pujai starts from the next day (i.e.) Pradamai and continues till Navami.
In particular, where are the strong, human, grounded-in-everyday-life superheroines following in the wake of the entirely inspiring Elastigirl?
However I did buy this gorgeous Marianne Charleston lady die and also bought the Elegant lady one
Length: 2 miles/1½ hours, but allow plenty of time for exploring
I miss my partner. When I spoke on the phone to him, he said he felt a bit lost without me there. Not long now though. My parents and I are all piling in the car tomorrow morning to head back – my father has another MRI scan to do.
I keep my 6x6 pads in a small IKEA basket that I have put dividers in. I have made the dividers with my favourite papers of all time. The brown papers of the Fika collection by Maja Design.
I am back in Europe now, and thinking back about my days in New York and all the things that I enjoyed the most over there. With that in mind, I decided to start this list with Chelsea.
My carbs come from things like vegetables and fruits. I eat white rice about once or twice a month. I eat sweet potatoes, white potatoes, and squash when I crave them. I cannot WAIT for cherry season, but right now I eat a lot of blackberries, plums, nectarines, and apples. We have fish around twice a week. We eat a lot of buffalo and grass fed steak we order online. We eat lamb about once a week. Standard side dishes for us are green beans, broccolini with parmesan, brussels sprouts, artichokes, and mashed pumpkin squash. We eat quite a variety of food, basically.
Now that I'm working with Generation ministries at JCC, I spent a lot of time at the Christmas Eve services around the parent check-in area and working in several of the kids ministry rooms as a volunteer. One of my learnings was just how many people truly come to our church once every 4-6 months and still consider this "their church". I know this because when checking kids in, there were quite a few people who had no idea how our "new" check in system worked. The system is 4 months old!
Most email campaign services, in other words, are the equivalent of dropping your book announcement off the top of a building, and hoping it lands in front of someone who might be interested.
Scotch Salmon Cream.
You might even include little diagrams if your job is particularly tricky or involved.
So you could well imagine my,rather our,plight.God is fine,but not when someone starts advertising for him at 5 in the morning.
After a delicious meal, Carla, Sarah, Amir and I decided to trek up to Scenic Drive to see fireworks over teh city. We figured by going to a high spot, we'd see at least one show. Nope. We saw some fireworks from New Mexico on the horizon, but they were about an inch big from where we were sitting. The fireworks we waited almost an hour for had been set off about 15 minutes before we arrived so we went home only dreaming of fireworks. I created my own picture of what they could have looked like had we executed our fireworks plan better....
Perhaps no mayor of New York City this side of Fiorello Laguardia has ever overseen so drastic a change to the landscape of the city than George B. McClellan Jr. For six extraordinary years (1904-09) McClellan presided over the openings of the New York Public Library, Chelsea Piers, Grand Central Station, christened the first subway service and licensed the first taxi cab.
‘Me and papamug were drinking beer in London last summer while we were enjoying a music festival at the ICA. We started to imagine a festival in our little town located on the westest part of Iceland. We imagined that we would do a festival were local workers would sing, dj and entertain as they were the main attraction and we would get the biggest name in Icelandic music seen to support them. When we woke up the idea was still there so we called up some friends and to our surprise everybody was up for it. A guy called Ragnar (the singer in Trabant) loved the idea, he got everybody involved, we even talked to Bjork when we meet her down town when we were drunk.. she said we were cutie pies and for a long time we thought that was yes….’
One thing I'd like to be clear about. This girl on the cover is not Loann, at least not in my head. Loann and I share the same frizzy/curly hair, which is often the bane of our existence. We're also both short, and as teens neither of us thought we were much to look at. So I wanted to share with you today the picture that I think captures Loann (and it captures her at a very specific point in the book - after swimming with her friend Marcus).
Are there plenty of plot twists and surprises? Several very good surprises which I thought would end up as bad ones.
The other woman that my wife wanted me to visit was my MOTHER, who has been
I didn't bother to tell him that The Girl had tried to steal some flowers previously because I had mentioned that they would look nice on a hair clip, telling me, "you should make it for me!" Granted, that flower isn't what I used when I was making them. Maybe she won't like them. Maybe she'll say she does but never wear them. It's the thought that counts.
This LP contains their 10" (that they recorded in a few hours only a couple months after getting together) in addition to 3 unreleased studio tracks. In '79 after a line up change, they evolved into the Mature Adults.
1 tbsp Thai red curry paste
Tomorrow is another day, and we shall see where it leads us. We’re back to trying to nail down 2 good naps and then we’ll worry about the binky and trying to get rid of that thing. It’s a never-ending process and just when you think you’ve got it, these kids go and change it up on you. The nerve!
What is a primal goal? Something that any human can relate to-- love, hunger, survival, etc. This is the most effective type of goal to keep a reader engaged in the story.
Maybe after a few sessions I’ll ask for it.
"After the war, in 1919, Socialism was already dead as a doctrine: It existed only as a hatred".
In my heart I feel you everyday and I know you are going to watch over your little sister and that means the world to me. I am going to tell her what a wonderful and special big sister she has and how lucky she and how I wish she could have met you baby I am so sorry, I am so so sorry for what as happened to you. I LOVE YOU WITH ALL THAT I AM AND ALL THAT I WILL BE LOVE MOMMY
October 13 – 14, 2011
THEN, I went out with my friend JLK to downtown where we checked out a flea market, had a nice vegan dinner at the Loving Hut, shared a pint of ice cream from Whole Foods and wandered around Target. How fun, lol.
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Jings, 2012 is turning into a fantastic, vintage year for gigs. I’m loving it.
Director Alan G. Parker
With a CF variant you have one normal gene and one non-working copy, a mutated unidentified gene; you may be a carrier of CF but in the vast majority of cases you will have none of the disease symptoms. There can be many generations of carriers in a family without anyone being born with the disease, and being a carrier 'will not cause you to be ill or shorten your life in any way.'
AJ completely destroys Kaitlyn, and beats her with a swift kick to the head.
Ill try to keep this a little more updated (once a week) for the future on more broad subjects as its fairly hard to drink enough decent beer whilst keeping up with uni, jobs, assignments etc........ to post about. Oh and for anyone looking around Sheffield for a comfy local pub drop into, the Red lion on Charles street is the new residence for student drinkers employment (whoo!)
More quarter box (5 for a buck) pulls. I like me the old timers. These are just cards that I saw and wanted - no real reason for them, except the Pafko. That was a thought for a certain Pat Benatar-ish collector, but I see it on his "has" list as well. Mine! I have another 9 of the lower right All-Time Classics; I won't scan them all. Total cost on screen (plus the extra 9): $3.20
“That proves that Bersih was hijacked and that Anwar was trying to use it as an election tactic,” Datuk Nur Jazlan Mohamed, an Umno federal lawmaker, told Reuters. He said Najib would still be inclined to call elections early, possibly in June.
Open to the public February 1- 12, 2012, on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Sundays from 12 noon – 3pm with a special opening reception on Saturday, February 4, from 6:30-8:30 pm, at the Piedmont Center for the Arts , 801 Magnolia Avenue, Piedmont, CA.
______________________________________________
Janie Jones
Sam Bracanov / Two Statements / 137
So how to categorize these? Although in my earlier article I had somewhat flippantly referred to the wider center band Press Clips as "II 1/2," other examples that have surfaced since then indicate that there was no band wider than that produced in the Press Clip series, so I believe to be consistent, Press Clips with a wide center band would be "Press Clip III."
The last of the wedding invitations all ready for assembly to the back, little diamante hearts (I had to order more when numbers changed hence the delay) are all threaded onto aubergine ribbon - amazingly fiddly too:( At the front some House Mouse decoupage - mostly ready assembled too - so I can whip up a card today for Rudolph Day/week over at Sandra's here.
once I'd tasted a cinnamon dawn
Kathrynn had a lot of fun helping to set up the tent. It was a wonderful location that John had scouted out for us. We were situated on a little peninsula and so could basically see water from 3 sides. Behind our tent were acres of trees, that led to the lake. It was peaceful and not busy at all so we had lots of land to ourselves!
The Jews in exile, held captive in Babylon, never got over it. From the day they were hauled off to that foreign land, the Psalm that tells the story is Psalm 137, in which, when they remembered their "place," they wept. In fact, as N.T.Wright so marvelously unveils in The New Testament and the People of God, coming home was the only way they would ever know that their sins had been forgiven, so important to the Jews is the land they call "holy."
The more I tried to condense this post the more it grew -
Before you can say “Myocardial Infraction”, I have my own trolley in an examination room, a hospital gown, a second and third EGC, more blood taken, an, X Ray – yeah, and a Cardiac Nurse explaining to me that I have had a heart attack.
As a result of the *conversation between Zuleikha and Potiphar*, Joseph was made the head servant in Potiphar’s household. This caused resentment among the other servants, for Joseph had so newly arrived. This resentment added to the burden of being head servant.
Oh yeah...this soap is just regular cold process whereas the ones in the oven are CPOP.
The purpose of socialist production will be simply and solely to satisfy human needs. Production solely for use will replace production for the market with a view to profit, in line with the social basis that the means for producing wealth will belong to and be under the democratic control of the entire community. The production and distribution of sufficient wealth to meet the needs of the socialist community as individuals and as a community will be an administrative and organisational problem. It will of course be no small problem but the tools for solving it have already been created by capitalism.
As for everyone else, what do you think? I really like that it looks unique, but do you think anyone else will (ie. future owners of my home)? Does it look more like the front of a house now?
Any flavor of sherbet may be used.
In the interview, he makes the argument for the indie bookseller and why consumers should shop their local bookstores instead of Amazon or one of the big chains. (Or, actually, the only big chain left.) It's interesting reading, and he makes some great points. I haven't read the book yet (though I plan to), but as far as his interview ... I don't agree with the activist approach.
Cos I don’t think I can trust you just yet
Although I'm not a Braves fan, I truly wish Chipper well on his farewell lap of both leagues, but no matter what happens, he goes out a winner in my book, and it won't be long before we're talking about him as the next great Hall-of-Famer of our time! Hats off to you on a legendary career, Larry.
I grew up in a single parent household with many common issues. I went off to college with the desire to patrol my hometown and returned to do so. With the support of family, friends and my partner, I managed to accomplish going back to school and ultimately achieving my Masters Degree. My training and experience is a reflection of my hard work and dedication to remain humble, open to learning and helping others. I am a fitness instructor who fosters the passion for life, not just during a workout, but in life!
Strength: Norfolk St is one of the best defensive teams in the MEAC. Teams are shooting just 40.5 percent from the field and 29.9 percent from behind the three-point line against the Spartans. In addition to that, they’re forcing over 14 turnovers a game too. That’s the kind of defense that has allowed this team to run off 25 wins, which is a lot for MEAC school.
Unless my outfits are uncomfortable or overly revealing, I’m usually not self-conscious about what I wear. Looking at this picture though, my eyes are bleeding a little from the bright colors and I think maybe I SHOULD feel out of place among my conservatively dressed officemates. But I really don’t care.
I usually end up putting my cake in the freezer for a while to cool down and it helps when you put the frosting on so you don't get crumbs in the frosting.
God was in control. He protected the people and was on their side!
I used the flash in an attempt to show the bit of glitter on the wings (TA pearl spray) and the glitter paper that was used for the outfit. There is also white flocking powder on the balls of her shoes. I'm definitely removing her and keeping her to scrap some pics of the kids running around with these boxes.
Judging from the way things are progressing, we can expect the next episode to cover the main mystery plot of the series.
So Ehrman is misleading his students by suggesting that a messianic interpretation is not possible simply because the word “messiah” does not appear in the text. Christians are not alone in interpreting the passage as messianic.
Reed Smith LLP does not just have an eDiscovery team, it has one with a snappy name thanks to the fortuitous conjunction of the initial letters of “Records and eDiscovery” to make the “Red Team”. The Red Team apparently has more than 50 lawyers dedicated to eDiscovery. Together Equivio’s new Zoom platform for eDiscovery analytics and predictive coding and kCura’s review platform Relativity give the firm an integrated solution. kCura’s press release is here and Equivio’s Press Release is here.
graciously flew out of the nest---and then SPUNKY (my
Before I left the hospital, that Friday, I shared my faith with her. She was also a Christian and does many wonderful things to help others. One of those, is to spend her talent of knitting. She volunteers at a place for young mothers, teaching them this skill. I shared with her something I had learned and made, prayer shawls.
I also put a turtle and rabbit on my teaching clock and the kids watch how the rabbit is always running fast around the clock while the turtle is trying it's hardest to catch it. Usually one or two kids notice that the rabbit can get all the way around the clock while the turtle only makes it to the next number.
John Hales
Their weapon? Sexual terrorism.
Saturday is business as usual, baseball. The boys played about 20 minutes away, so Kyan was jammin' out on his way to the game, getting in the zone. I LOVE this shot of him.
Place white chocolate chips into a bowl. Pour Baileys Irish Cream over chips and set aside. Preheat oven to 375-400 degrees (depending on your oven's temperament). Sift dry ingredients. Use a pastry blender to work in the butter. When the mixture is crumbly, add buttermilk and egg. Blend.
Please submit an idea that you are working on to help devise a plan for a non violent end of the genocide in Darfur and in the Sudan.
He jumped out of the bed, pulled on this track-suit bottoms and ran to check the other bedrooms. All empty.
But did you know that hula hooping for 1 month you can lose up to 2 inches? I didn't and was like really. Well the other day when I was working out with the Biggest Loser for the Wii my clothes fell off. How embarrassing but good thing I was working out at home! So, I decided to go measure myself. I have lost 3 inches in my waist and hips! I am so excited!
What kind of peace is this? From the days of Madrid and Oslo to this day, have we achieved anything? We have achieved nothing but illusions.
and we know i like my macro.
So I wondered around the venue to see who I knew there as Kittie shows brings out the same crowd year after year. I made my rounds and then found myself wanting to get the hell out of there as the current band on stage was really sucking and how out of place I felt. I used to show up at concerts in all black, boots, and covered in patches and spikes. But with how busy I have become, I am lucky to remember a shirt to wear after work. So I wore black jeans and a black shirt with a skeleton on it; I felt so out of place. Even around my peers, I felt odd. It frustrated me. So Kittie finally came on stage to step up their equipment and do the sound check and it seemed like Morgan didn’t recognize me and nether did any of the other girls. They used to know my by “Patches”, and give me hugs. but I felt like stranger……………
Wolfe WH, Michalek JE. Air Force health study. An epidemiologic investigation of health effects in Air Force personnel following exposure to herbicides: Reproductive outcomes. Brooks Air Force Base, TX, US Air Force, 1992.
I held the bag of carrots out to him. His face fell.
“Israel hath not obtained that which he seeketh for; but the election hath obtained it and the rest were blinded.”
When the first draft is done it is followed by the inevitable redrafting, rewriting and the editing process. I’m often happier editing, it is a task which I set to without demur, indeed sometimes with relish. I have great faith and belief in both my agent and editor(s). I enjoy solving the problems that the freely written narrative has at first thrown up. I am capable of ruthless hacking back, like a fierce gardener let loose with a sharp pair of shears, or worse, a murderer creeping up behind my now unwanted characters and despatching them painlessly but ruthlessly. I do wonder sometimes if those excised characters wait in limbo for their chance. Perhaps one day they will all demand to be assembled in a story of their own, an odd mix that would be.
11 Jan: While researching something else, I came across a recent article by Fred Zindl that discusses the fate of the Four Brothers and their families. Tragic, and all too common for the vast majority of African musicians exploited and then discarded by the music industry.
1 Ho Renomo 5:07
******* Monologue *******
Welcome to All About Boys Blog Hop day 1 of 2! If you have come from Haidee's blog you are right on track if not you can start at the beginning HERE. This hop starts at 8:00 am this morning. I am so glad you joined us today! Boy themed projects seem harder to come by so that is why we have dedicated TWO whole days to nothing but boys! Hopefully you are able to walk away with some fabulous ideas in mind. We have a lot of very talented people that will be sharing their projects with you and what would a hop be without a little prize at the end.....?
I have one major gripe too, which is kinda contradictory as it is also the reason why I bought these. The Union Jack design is lovely to look at, but horrendously impractical to use. Other than the main shadow colour of the cross in the middle, all the other little sections are simply too tiny for any self-respecting eyeshadow brush or applicator. Even the long and slim end of the included sponge-tip applicators have trouble getting enough colour for a swatch. Imagine the pain I went through just to get decent swatches. And because the shadows are so soft, I ended up digging gouges in some of the thinnest stripes trying to get enough pigments on the applicator.
Sometimes there's just nothing cool to post so you have to go back in time to when your favorite grinding crusty hardcore band broke up and started a new band called Tragedy. If you haven't heard this, than A) what the fuck, bro?, and B) prepare for a metric shit ton of darkly-hewn melodic d-beat crust on this debut LP, which I still think is their best. How many generic-ass bands all over the world are trying to sound like this now? A zillion? Why even fucking bother?
The Prosecutor had also alleged that Taylor was part of a ‘joint criminal enterprise’ whose purpose was ‘to take any actions necessary to gain and exercise political power and control over the territory of Sierra Leone, in particular the diamond mining areas. The natural resources of Sierra Leone, in particular the diamonds, were to be provided to persons outside Sierra Leone in return for assistance in carrying out the joint
But unlike the sentiment expressed in the famous poem on the Statue of Liberty, the huddled masses who immigrated to Boston did not receive an overwhelming welcome.
So without further adieu. Here is our list.
Yeah, every pill corresponds to an emotional response. and you know, people seem to have, uh, a lot of them, emotional responses. So I carry a lot of these with me, and while my emotional response reaction time might be a little, uh, behind, I can... you know, respond with the best of them. Eventually.
Conspiracy theory is a very shallow argument.
As we've noted before, rue as an herb doesn't play much of a role in most cooking these days due to its sharp, fairly unpleasant scent and flavor (Ruta graveolens literally means "Bitter herb with a strong, unpleasant smell"), but we love having it in the butterfly garden, where both Black Swallowtails and Giant Swallowtails use it as a host plant. Interestingly, this herb is apparently quite admired in its native Southeastern Europe, where it's the national flower of Lithuania and is frequently carried in bridal bouquets. To each their own, I guess.
Remember to post your projects using Inlinkz no later than 12:00 noon Central time on Friday, October 28, 2011. We will announce the winner of the stamp set and the new Top Mouse Award winners when the new sketch challenge is posted on Saturday, October 29th. Please use a direct link to your project and feel free to enter as many times as you like!
with that training backdrop, i had a 5 hour time goal in mind. the course is one large - hilly - loop, starting and finishing in carmel, new york. it traces the historical route sybil ludington rode on horseback to warn the colonialist that "the british were coming." except for the first mile, mile markers were spaced at 5 mile increments (with splits for the half marathon and marathon distances noted). i had a 22 ounce handheld with me for hydration (and a couple of gus).
I'm sorry, but I don't care if my sticker was of a throbbing open sore. I don't care if it was a picture of a murder. Going up to a stranger's car and removing an item is nothing more than theft. This goes back to the whole "leave the stranger alone, because the stranger might be crazier than you" thing. What if I'd come out and seen this person violating my car, and I was all... "You know... I was planning on bludgeoning someone at the Walmart later, but whatever... they'll do."
Here’s a wonderful quote that reminds me of my situation.
In college you can always find a good friend willing to take a free concert ticket. My friend and I even got to meet Eric Hutchinson and proceeded to make him laugh and feel his soft man-hands (I don’t care if that sounded stalkerish, I love his hands). And to ease my pain of going to Eric Hutchinson concert without a date I went to another concert with a bunch of good friends.
There are so many varieties of bullshit I couldn’t hope to mention but a few, and elaborate on even fewer. I will, therefore, select those varieties that have some transcendent significance.
For the first time in years I'm being the person I want to be.
Police Every breath you take UK
If only for educational purposes, you need to find a bottle of this - and drink it.
1 1/2 cups all-purpose flour (spooned and leveled)
Overall Enchanted lived up to my excitement. I read it as a fantasy, and that way, I enjoyed it greatly. Sunday and Rumbold's relationship did read as a bit too insta-love for my taste but again, when I thought of Enchanted as a fairy tale, I went along with it all, and really enjoyed the story as a whole.
The day comes to an end and were laying in bed, slowly falling asleep
Then Kingsley Shacklebolt, in robes of gold,
Hi ya'll, and a huge thanks to Katie for inviting me to guest post while she is on vacation! I'm April and I blog at A. Liz Adventures, where I write about everything from newlywed life to recipes to DIY ideas ... and other fun tidbits in between.
Thank you, House for making me disclose everything to my doctors and providing wonderful examples of the anti-hero in my classroom. I also have been known to rock your blazer with graphic tee combo to great success. However, the plots are too predictable most of the time and ridiculous the rest of the time.
1/2 cup finely chopped green bell pepper
I really like KS3760 (do you know why it doesn’t show up on the KS website anymore? I know they are part of the McCalls/Butterick/Vogue Mothership bought them but it doesn’t make sense for them to get rid of patterns like that.
Little King’s Story is a strategy, life simulation and RPG all rolled into one. You play as the little king who works with his advisers to dominate the world, snatching land from seven other kings. The little king only has a really lame staff attack though so needs men and women of many talents to aid him on his way. You start with a tiny kingdom and must venture out into the unknown with an army of troops looking for things to kill, loot to steal and kings to squash. With money you can improve the kingdom and unlock new classes to train your citizens up with and slowly but surely the world becomes your own.
CORAL FLAT BANDS: Options Coral 2” belly bands
fields of ripe grain.
Daniel, Lucy’s fiancé, represented this masculine, controlling society. While I was initially sceptical about the almost villainous turns that his character took, I couldn’t help but care for Lucy and fear for the control that Daniel exerted over her life. It took me a while to understand that he wasn’t being a brainless menace, as some villains are, but simply taking advantage of the control that any man had over a woman in this period. This image was powerful but also understated. I have to say that it was the development of Daniel’s character that could have really influenced my impression of this novel. I’m not keen on characters who seem to be overtly villainous with no redeeming qualities, but Daniel wasn’t like this. His controlling character developed slowly, and the turn that it took at the end of the novel really endeared me to this book. Olivia didn’t slip into stereotyping, and also managed to teach some contemporary lessons about mental health.
Last Monday afternoon a lorry turned up with our Giant Cable which made us happy, but then we couldn’t get it off the truck which was awful … but then we did something terribly clever with poles and leverage - haha.
advice?
Be careful with loose live threads – it’s easy to short out a circuit when they unexpectedly touch. Finally for more information about sewing LilyPad circuits, you can watch some talent from Sparkfun in this short lesson video:
Fahey that is equal parts all of the above mentioned styles, lifted and
The important thing to take away from all of this is that individual state migration patterns can be considered an indicator of a state’s economic health. In 2011, Wisconsin was considered an outbound state where more shipments were moving out of the state. Over the last 10 years, Wisconsin has been a balanced state for six years (2003, 2005-6, and 2008-10) and an outbound state for four years (2002, 2004, 2007, and 2011). In all of those years, outbound shipments were greater than inbound shipment except for 2006 when shipment were equal.
Enter random inspiration and strangely having all ingredients on hand.
First, we must want more from God. Sin is settling for less than what he’s promised, and unless we are longing for more from him every day we will not be dissatisfied with our sin and the counterfeit fulfillment it supplies. (Jer. 2:13).
Carnivore
Some paper
beautiful again
and placed in a bandanna!
Yes, there are perks to having a mom who owns a toy store. But we have been trying to spread the cheer outside the family too. A man came in with his son a week ago and picked out a few little things. Then his gaze fell on a Lily doll and his eyes lit up. It would be so perfect for his daughter! When he saw the price tag ($49.99) his face fell. But I watched his hands (they looked like a mechanic's hands) and he just couldn't put the doll's box back on the shelf.
'Monetarist fetishists have helped to circulate a pernicious falsehood that the Weimar über-inflation caused the rise of Hitler.'
But in the second place, Garrard speaks as if there was nothing distinguishing the case of Israel from that of other advanced economies that also violate or help violate human rights. Which, of course, is not true. Israel's oppression of the Palestinians is unique as it displays three simultaneous features:
Like its predecessor, The Sower of the Seeds of Dreams features some lovely, lyrical landscape descriptions. Most of the novel takes place in high summer, and the rich beauty of the area that is now Gloucestershire and Somerset is brought vividly to life, from the salt-marshes of the coast to the vast reed-beds of the Somerset Levels.
Anyway. I was in one (black Mercedes mini-cab in London) and, as usual, doing authory things. Whendoievernot? And the conversation went like this:
1/4 cup semisweet chocolate chips
“It was one of the queer things of life that you saw a person every day for months and were so intimate with him that you could not imagine existence without him; then separation came, and everything went on in the same way, and the companion who had seemed essential proved unnecessary.”
Visit them at they website www.gowanusnursery.com. Then go check them out. From what I observed, this nursery's aim is to fill the void that The Terminal Market and Home Depot create with their limited offerings. So if you are looking to load up on Petunias, you may still need to trek over to those places. But if you are looking to create that stunning rock garden, for example, this is definitely the place to go.
Delicious with homemade BBQ sauce, I’ll have to post my Goji BBQ sauce soon to pair with these!
To not stay separate across the grey-blue foaming sea.
6. Knowledge is one of the Christian graces, and Peter said If we possess such, yea, abound in such, we will neither be barren nor unfruitful (2 Pet. 1: 5-11)!
“Go through,” the receptionist says.
HOWEVER
Your weaknesses?
That's when I found the home of the Pod People. This giant contraption took up 1/3 of our patio. It was either a covered wagon or a barbecue. I couldn't be sure. I waited for Galadriel to emerge from her water treatment so she could help me take off the cover.
For 'The Line, The Cross, The Curve' Bush hooked up with
The bicep lies in front of the upper arm. You know when men pose with their arm up at 90 degrees, they are (trying) to show off their biceps.
Anyway, the other ladies did not like this, so they complained to their husbands. They exaggerated and the event and made their husbands very angry. Those rishis were driven by fate to believe their wives and they decided to go and have a word with Gautama.
One of the most profound ways that we can grow as youth workers is through the continual deepening of our relationships, and through continuing education. Most churches will offer some kind of fund for conferences, books, continuing education; it is usually just a matter of asking. And it doesn’t matter if we are a paid staff member or a volunteer who believes in investing in the lives of our teens, the importance of YOUR personal growth is still critical.
1 non-physical
Book Review =C
Today, I am off to "Tuesday Crazies" at my friend Adella's house. This is my group of friends that connected over crazy quilting but everyone just brings their current project now. Mine is most often my stack of crazy quilting blocks because I never seem to be able to finish them. I'm on a mission, though, and those blocks will be finished by the end of this year. If I keep putting it in writing, it will happen. LOL! Have fun while I'm away. Leave that comment now................
3) The people respond to God in a spirit of unity.
35. It was like so, but wasn't. —Richard Powers, Galatea 2.2 (1995)
BFF: "You doing ok?"
Fiber - Hemp is a good source of healthy carbohydrates and dietary fiber, both soluble and insoluble. In one serving of hemp protein powder (2 tablespoons or 30 grams) you’ll be receiving 8 g of fiber! That’s almost one-third of the total daily requirement of 30 g (but feel free to get more, of course!). The fiber in hemp stabilizes blood sugar, and ensures regularity, won’t cause bloating, gas or bad breath (unlike other types of protein supplements).
Oh, Long-horned God
Before I get lost in embarrassingly worshipful paeans about the pieces on Axl Rose (“with the wasp-man sunglasses and the braids and the goatee, he reminds one of the monster in Predator, or of that monster’s wife on its home planet”) and Michael Jackson (“a god moves through him; the god enters, the god leaves”) and the rest, let me stop and explain.
And scuttled on out for a nap.
Ooh and would you like a mother in law update? Well we had a bit of a "heated discussion" two nights ago about parenting. I'm quite proud of myself for standing my ground as a few years back I would probably have held back but I did say what I felt and pointed out that she was being a total hypocrite! .... she is now back to almost best behaviour, I guess the thought of not being fed or being allowed to use the shower is not worth the satisfaction of having a go at your daughter in law ;)
04. Shanda Lea 2(2:58)
I'm not sure how that was going to help me do homework, but the subject matter was so interesting that I gladly sat at the dining room table, with pen and paper at the ready when Dad would play the tapes.
Anyway, I hadn't absorbed the fact that the painting in the series that depicts summer is part of the collection at New York's Metropolitan Museum. And so it came as a wonderful surprise to walk into one of the rooms in the museum and see the painting:
And it's been like this for 2 weeks. Everytime I look in the mirror I think, "This looks like shit." It's kind of depressing. I think it's time to take my baby-fine, flat, useless head of hair back to the old reliable, overpriced salon I usually frequent, and beg them to do something for me.
with more than a whiff of sulphur
Hugs x a million,
Only a fool would intrude.
VG: I don’t know. It would be great to see ‘The Coward’s Tale’ out there in lots of languages - but the prose is very lyrical in places, and it mirrors a south Wales dialect. I guess that is not easy to translate. Fingers crossed indeed.
There was a bit of a Mexican stand off under my hanging baskets. It was so embarrassing.
So thank you Harrison Ford, you’ll make a PhD out of me yet.
Courtesy of her delightful blog..and Simon Hopkinson
However, the day got really exciting when we went on a long-awaited date. Nothing out of the ordinary, and NOTHING like our honeymoon but still fun.
Just as important, do you have critique partners and writing friends to help you solve problems?
They found the sanctuary desolate, the altar desecrated, the gates burnt, weeds growing in the courts as in a thicket or on some mountain, and the priests’ chambers demolished.
The man, who was not identified, said he was visiting the mother in late 2006 when he fell asleep, waking later to find her having sexual intercourse with him. He claimed he ordered her to stop, but she wouldn’t.
A perfect chance to try out something that has been on your mind.
Pour the mixture into a 1-gallon Ziploc freezer bag, and submerge the sealed bag in the ice bath. Let stand, adding more ice as necessary, until cold, about 30 minutes.
We have many different options when it comes to choosing your rug; there’s small rugs, big rugs, rectangular rugs, round rugs, shaggy rugs, smooth rugs and even glittery rugs for those you want an extra touch of glamour.
88 by
If you make your own please let me know how they turn out!
This one is embellished with wallpaper border and glitter. Each one I have done so far is totally different from the others. I will be inking and distressing the edges on this one next. I really love these little books--the covers have a good weight and the pages are almost as heavy as cardstock.
So there you have it, auction day June 19, settlement on house 16 July. People tell us that this is very fast in regards to house buying, well all I know is it sure didn't feel like that!
Our house was built in 1923 by the Levee family, a couple who never had children who both worked for the Niagara Parks department. On a street like ours, filled with houses built by doctors, attorneys, factory supervisors, and the independently wealthy, the Levee's worked hard to be able to build this modest house on the best street in town.
Well, I guess that's it for now. Hope everyone has a great week!
I have always loved camping. Camping in a tent, camping in a trailer, in the forest or the desert - for a party or as a quiet chance to reconnect with nature. Hell, I’ve even been a summer camp counselor, taking children into the forest for money. I freaking love camping.
It was when he found himself floating, upside-down, in water that flowed along the top of the pipe while the bottom half opened to show the field below that the ache at the front of his brain started to pound. The pipe curved around through about half the required dimensions, and suddenly he was stumbling onto a tiny ledge, staggering forward and pressing himself to the cliff face as gallons of water lashed at him.
The poem is perhaps the greatest lesson we should strive to learn, as once we comprehend this, it opens up a whole new meaning for living our lives.
I'm sorry. (Yes, this is on a list of encouraging things, because it can really help assuage a child's distress at your actions.)
Whose? We don’t know.
Iván Meade - What project has given you the most satisfaction?
November 9-11, 2011
If you’re not in a rush then I would wait until you’ve booked a photographer for your wedding. Using your wedding photographer will give you a chance to get to know each other so on your wedding day you’re both a little more relaxed in front of his camera. You may also be able to get a deal on an engagement shoot since you’ve booked him for the wedding.
As we saw earlier. the verb construction for πληροῦσθε, which is translated in Ephesians 5:18 as “be filled,” is present tense, imperative mood, passive voice. The present tense shows a continuing action which is designed to be a continuing reality. Here is the last part of v18 from the Greek, “πληροῦσθε ἐν Πνεύματι.” With the verb structure clearly in mind, a literal translation of this would be, “Be being filled in Spirit.” This tells us that we are to be in a constant state of being filled with the Spirit.
I was asked by the ladies of Ignite to style the men’s segment for their runway show. I was asked to pull from local retailers Atmosfere and Martin Patrick. I was really excited about this challenge with having all the freedom I wanted. I really didn’t go in with any game plan for what I wanted to pull, I just wanted to pull some solid looks from each store. I didn’t do any fittings for the guys so my nerves were very high as the date approached. Along with pulling clothes, literally last minute, we lost 2 models which added to the nerves.
"So what?" you may ask. "We live in a corrupt age, so we have a corrupt government. And not for the first, or the last time."
Thanks for making a smart remark, Senator. I ask you, could anyone other than a “relatively unsophisticated” group be so stupid to fall for this preposterous FBI entrapment script?
My dive was graceful and swanlike.
“Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.”
In short, I'm the kind of lazy that knows exactly how much work is 'enough' and does that and no more (this, by the way, is the most efficient way to live; see the start of Terry Pratchett's 'Moving Pictures' for a more detailed discussion). This works great whenever there's a clear 'enough'.
Whose alabaster wounds are scantily dressed
Ilkley's back in my 'awesome books'.... not that they were ever in my bad books. They've moved up from my 'good books' to my 'awesome books' because they've started bottling my favourite Ilkley beer: Lotus IPA, as well as their Stout Mary.
See you next Wednesday!
So, come on a tour with me to my favourite places in my chosen city where I nearly rear end some cars, take out pedestrians, show you a fantastic view of the sky and offer really bad commentary that is pretty much assumed and made up.
Even though House Speaker John A. Boehner and Majority Leader Eric Cantor haven’t been keen on the idea in the past, Virginia Republican Scott Rigell and a bipartisan group of lawmakers urged them Wednesday to advance legislation suspending members’ pay if Congress doesn’t pass a budget on time.
They have a product called Insul-Bright which is an insulated lining for oven mitts, tea cozies etc so I used that. I bought some 10mm bias binding but with all the layers of the mitt it wasn't really wide enough for a novice like me so I went back and got the 25mm instead. One of the ladies at Bernina gave me some good advice which was to zigzag around the whole mitt before binding it so the layers would be nice and flat to bind. I also used the zigzag stitch to attach the binding to the mitt. It's not perfect at all but I am happy with it for a first go, and Kelli was rapt with it so thats good! I was a bit worried that I should have put some cotton batting in the mitt as well but Kelli used it last night and said it worked a treat so that's a relief!
I put him in charge of the stinky job - peeling garlic. He LOVED it. He is all boy and he loves garlic to boot! So, I asked him to peel me 3 garlics and he peeled me 5 telling me all the while that he felt like if 3 was good, 5 would be even better. (Thankfully we were making spaghetti so his reasoning was pretty spot on.)
I discovered the gem that is Marvell Rep by complete accident. Last week I went to a BU Alumni event – which happened to be a night at the theatre. We were invited to watch Marvell Rep’s production of The Threepenny Opera, which completely exceeded my expectations. It’s been a while since seeing a show produced feelings of sheer joy and total submergence in the world of the play.
The next argument we hear is that somehow low interest rates and zombie like banks will somehow push rental rates higher. Rents are mainly driven by what people can afford with their paychecks. And so far, there is no indication rents are soaring in Japan:
I was a no-permanent-address kid. I was born in Seria, Brunei Darussalam – a peaceful, clean and undisturbed town in Belait District. The municipal town center is set in grid that is bounded by Jalan Tengah and the Seria Arena to the north, Jalan Lorong Satu Barat to the east, Jalan Bolkiah to the south and Jalan Lorong Tiga Barat to the west. I could say living in this kind of place was the most tranquil phase of my life. The town had 0% crime rate during our time there.
“Allow me,” he said in a low voice, his other hand slipping up along the back of her calf, his fingers tracing a pattern that seemed somehow programmed to compel her body into a state of liquid complaisance. He cupped the sole of her shoe, pulling it off her foot at the heel and working toward her toes.
You’ll even get to connect with K¹² parents, students, and teachers directly—with plenty of chances to share your stories, ask questions, and get advice.
“Owh… you should play soft on that angel, Mr. Kim…”One of the (looked) youngest in that room say.
This jumper provides lots of entertainment for my two kiddos. It allows me to do a few things around the house, too! I'm very grateful to Santa for this awesome gift he left for the twins.
Chanel Teint Innocence Compact Makeup ($70)
Obviously, you expect to be mis-quoted and have your words twisted by newspapers. Now, it seems, it’s common to simply make up entirely fictional stories.
Last experiment: take the handkerchief and the bigger felt.tip pen; lay it for 5 seconds and then lay it again for a brief second fraction. Which one is the biggest? The one made laying the pen on the paper for 5 seconds.
Oatmeal Raisin Cookie
Sunday morning the sermon was on marriage.
Born on September 15, 1956, Willie Mullins was six-times amateur champion rider in Ireland and his major successes in the saddle included the
Turlo was quick with a response. "We're there." He looked at me looked back down over the canopy of the engine car. "The Emerald City. The Jewel of Oz. The Crown of the Continent."
How did you end up in Atlanta?
Mitsui Aika is still recovering from her ankle injury and Michishige Sayumi will not participate due to schedule conflicts.
Denmark recently instituted a "fat tax", but unfortunately the government decided to tax butter and cheese and other fatty foods, rather than pasta or sweet drinks, so the tax will make Danes less healthy.
Well the reality is, Christmas is EASY to miss...if you're not careful! The joy in a child's eyes...opportunities to give to those less fortunate...freshly fallen snow...singing carols down the halls of the local nursing home or hospital....celebrating the birth of Jesus...these can all be quickly overlooked if we don't stop and take the time to truly see the wonder of this special time of year.
Stay Blessed Stay Thinking Stay Thanking Stay Manifesting… at the speed of Gratitude!! :Mystiic
It’s been a LONG time since I had any Easter candy and truth be told, I actually can’t eat a whole package of 15 Peeps anymore. My limit is 3 at a time these days, I discovered. But they were two for $3, so I got a package of the original yellow ones and some blue ones, too.
"I Love You" Banner: Paper Pups Cricut cartridge cut at 1 1/4" with the shadow
--WHERE DOES THE MONEY GO???--
Too small maybe?? Must be photoshopped?? How about IT'S A HAMSTER!!! I have never known an owl to have whiskers, paws, and fur! I am beginning to now find Pintrest as a place to fume over people's stupidity. Take for instance this photo that I found on Pintrest that was labeled "Ice fishing hummingbird!"
As far as promoting the small-government/no government interference aspects of Republicanism, the executive director of the Log Cabin Republicans, Patrick Guerriero does it best when it comes to commentating on Santorum: “There is nothing conservative about allowing law enforcement officials to enter the home of any American and arrest them for simply being gay… Mainstream America is embracing tolerance and inclusion. I am appalled that a member of the United States Senate leadership would advocate dividing Americans with ugly hate filled rhetoric.” These comments were released after Santorum told AP reporters in 2005 that he supported Texas anti-sodomy laws, and their enforcement.
Taped By: D & D
Sam and Danno have great onscreen chemistry, not unlike his relationship with McGarrett. Comescu escapes a car crash, with the vials…those guys really are like cockroaches. And in case you missed that little nugget (it was mentioned so quickly) they made smallpox more deadly. Once a lucky bugger didn’t save Comescu a second time. It’s nice the way Sam and Callen care for each other (you have to listen to the byplay to catch it). Come to Hawaii and eat t a shrimp truck…seems a bit anti-climactic to me and when are they going to realize they have to go to LA? Oh, here it comes. Just when you thought it was over, turns out what Comescu had was only saline. The real bad guy boarded a plane and has just touched down in LA with nine vials of extra-deadly smallpox.
To assemble: Generously frost the cupcakes with Cream Cheese Frosting. Enjoy!
Good Monday morning everyone. I hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. This week over at the JustRite Stampers blog, they are having sneak peaks at their new releases coming out January 20. These new stamp sets are beautiful. The florals just make me wish for Spring even more!!!
58. Broken a bone? - Hmm. Where do we get started? My right foot when a door smashed into it. My right middle finger when my family dog flipped over with my hand gripping her collar. My right shin when I stumbled on the cement steps at Queen St. subway. My right knee joint bone when I slipped in the woods and landed on a rock. Notice a right-side thing going on? All I can say is, good thing I never took up contact sports.
Featured romance authors:
Και αφού δεν πρόλαβα το διαγωνισμό αυτό, ας συμμετέχω στο Bird is the Word με θέμα τις καρδιές...
Oh Mother of the Word Incarnate, despise not my petition, but in they mercy, hear and answer me. Amen.
And finally, on the wall between the pantry and the bedroom is a gallery wall. I took frames I already had and painted them black, so this was a cheap project!
Most serious (laughs). For example, I’m the first one to wake up in the morning and I’m the type to finish preparations first.
Foundation is everything. Here is where many folks don't even realize just what it is the horse needs for a complete foundation. I have never known a horse that Tom has trained give it's owner a dangerous time. I have seen him work at things that no ordinary person or trainer would think of doing with a horse. What is added (in the way of another layer) will give the horse a sense of security, a sense of purpose, a sense that he can satisfy the human, a developed habit to willingly obey, a complete job description (if you will) in how to act around humans. The horse is taught how to reply to discipline. The horse is given a "peace zone" where they have a reference place to go when things become scary or overwhelming for them. If things go really bad, the horse knows to override the instinct to run and stands instead. I like that layer! I have been in a place where I made a bad decision and instead of my horse blowing up to run and get us both hurt, he simply stayed in place until I could extricate us from my driver error that caused
The hardest part was figuring out how to steam buns without a bamboo steamer. Ultimately, I used a vegetable steamer insert in a large stock pot removing the lid as quickly as possible when steaming finished and drying it before replacing it over the next batch. This minimized condensation droplets hitting the buns and prevented unsightly blemishes. It also made me feel a bit like a magician!
Social Security is not sustainable over the long term at current benefit and tax rates. Beginning in 2010, the program is projected to pay more in benefits and expenses than it collects in taxes each year. By 2036 it is estimated that the trust funds will be exhausted. At that point, payroll taxes and other income will flow into the fund but will be sufficient to pay only 77% of program costs. As reported in the 2011 Trustees Report, the projected shortfall over the next 75 years is 2.22% of taxable payroll. (ss.gov)
We'll be back on Jan. 11th to announce all the winners!!!
When the language systems break down (sometimes from brain lesions, a stroke, or other brain injuries), it can result in a class of disorders known as aphasia. Politically speaking, perhaps all of America has had a form of aphasia these past few years.
Scott got up to their place fairly early in the AM - and I followed later, with our three little ones. What a fun day. I helped my sister with some household chores around their home. Sweeping floors, laundry, dishes, preparing and cooking some of the evening meal, etc.
The Almond Shower Oil is also a wonderful product to use for shaving your legs. The razor glides so smoothly over my skin, leaving it indescribably soft afterwards. I didn't experience any irritation at all which is really good. The Almond Shower Oil is suitable for both men and women.
And then it was time to pack up the harp
There she was, fluttering around up in the ceiling area, bouncing off the walls, hitting the windows. I was sure when I heard that first THUD that she was a total goner. Oh noooooo! Two birdie tragedies in a row. How were we ever going to manage this? My daughter wailed. My son covered his face. My husband and I looked at each other grimly.
Charles 3-31
just email me and i can include those at an extra 15% of retail.
A few answers to frequently asked questions:
I wanted to also let you know that Fisher Nuts is also having a "Handmade from the Heart" Sweepstakes going on until 12/10.
ISBN: 1612930980
Pictures: click them to view them larger and get info. on where I got the something, etc. & I didn't realize I was wearing the same shirt with the two outfits I chose to show. They just show off the skirt the best! Honest...
The ESB is a little stronger than desired, but really delish. Did I just say delish? Holy shit, I'm either watching way too much "Rachel Rae," or I'm becoming a snobby homebrewing flamer! Well, lets just say that the ESB is "really drinkable and tasty."
For once, albeit too late for league positions, he and we got something. Let’s hope it carries on to next Saturday.
Why do bag-using vaccuum cleaners have such a distinctive smell? The cleaner has just come and sucked up rubbish from my desk area and the whiff of the cleaner takes me straight back to my Mum's old Hoover. Which was actually a hoover and not just a case of us using the generic name for floor sucking devices. That was a venerable old upright with a green cloth bag that the paper dust bags went into and had the same distinctive odour when in use that has just filled the office. We had one in a shared-house at college that also emanated the same noxious essences. Not something I particularly miss from our Dyson.
A shark, you would think, would be the last place one would look for advice. I mean, they're vicious, and ruthless, and the only way they can communicate with you is by biting you. Not the best teachers, right?
I also have the hen-peckers and rah-rah-trannies to thank. If they hadn't shown me how much hatred they're capable of expressing, I may have never had to start collecting hearts from scratch again.
Write the books that you would want to read, and know that you can. Don't try to write something for a market, or because you think it's the kind of book that a publisher might be looking for.
There was a creek, as one of the shadowy figures opened one of the windows, and the air seemed to immediately clear, as the outside air guzzled the smoke up.
My children make me smile..
No. Because of one line you can find on many major review sites:
My name is John.
Look at that mousse in the center! Woo-hooo!!!!!! This recipe makes six servings, but leaves enough leftover mousse to enjoy the next day for breakfast... I mean, dessert after lunch. Or, lunch. You know, whatever floats your boat.
We decided our best course of action would be to head south to the bridge, then follow a trail as far south as we could before turning back north and following the river with the sun at our backs, both for the best photos, but also for the best light to view the birds at.
Happy decorating friends. You never stop needing your Mama. If your mom is still around give her a call. Better yet, give her a big squeeze and show her how much you love her.
10. Where do you go when you need to get away?
Shire Eplaheimr: -
But it was fun to watch the head up the rail so we waited for a bit. And then two minutes into the climb Mum stopped! She'd had enough! It felt like it was straight up and she was not sure she would make it, and coming down looked scary so she did not even make it to the chain railing.
Obviously Sabine is quite an amazing person and you can see more of her on her website and if you’re a parent in the Vienna area check out her website for the theatre workshop. Also, keep an eye on her IMDB and hopefully we’ll see her in more Asylum movies!
What’s the best thing and worst thing about being a writer?
Further along the concrete walkway, there was a building being turned into living spaces. These living spaces were small and did not feature a kitchen. Since I had this dream before, I recognized the man working on the interior of the building. Since I remembered having the dream before and it had been a pretty long time since I had this dream, I said to the bearded contractor “Still working on this?”
____ Easily gets the meaning of a joke
2) Remove from the heat and place on the mixer. Whisk on medium speed, add in cream of Tartar and whisk until meringue is stiff, and the mixing bowl is cool to the touch. The meringue should look shiny and sticky.
How does race have nothing to do with crime? Why does the media pretend there isn’t a connection here?
I think the best chance of learning more about him would be to access the records of Buchenwald since his Prisoner number 7073 and cellblock 38D, are both clearly listed on his letter. Perhaps other records would indicate his ethnicity.
Read the comments here for Blog Giveaways sponsored by our Melange team members. Members who have giveaways on their blogs will post them here with a description of the giveaway, an end date, and an appropriate hot link to their blog. Please do not leave any other kinds of comments here, just Melange team giveaway promotions. Anyone can enter and participate!
We had the room until 1pm, but checked out around noon. In Lahaina, we had lunch at the Aloha Mixed Plate. We sat at one of the tables closest to the beach in the shade. I had the beef teriyaki with rice and macaroni salad; Tony had one of their burgers. The menu has a nice mix of local dishes and always with large portions.
“Are we to read Bible verses and other quotations? Yes, all we please, if we will make them the original expression of our own lives by thinking about them, and adding to them something, if only a sentence, to show that we have made them our own. Always give the writer’s name, or the part of the Bible from which you quote. Commit the quotation to memory and do not read it” (Amos R. Wells, Expert Endeavor: A Text-book of Christian Endeavor Methods and Principles. Boston: United Society of Christian Endeavor, 1911, pp. 9-11; Dick B., Dr. Bob and His Library, p. 114; The Books Early AAs Read for Spiritual Growth, 7th ed., pp. 13-17).
This is not a review, but rather an exploration into the basic subject matter of the film.
Like this inmate, many of people who end up in prison have the proverbial odds stacked against them. These are low-income people with little or no education, living in poor neighborhoods, and failing to see that there are any positive options. I only wish that the man quoted above had better opportunities for education in his youth; if he had, perhaps he wouldn't be in prison today. Since he is in prison, however, I'm glad that he's making an effort to improve his circumstances by learning to read and write. When he gets out of prison he'll be able to teach his son that it's never to late to learn.
It might have been a stuffy, stifling world, but that wouldn't have affected me because by the time I'd reached 18, everyone would have been listening to the Rolling Stones and sleeping with each other.
I’ve read and re-read (parts of) The No-Cry Sleep Solution and I am satisfied that it will meet my needs. As a dog trainer, part of me was hesitant about this book, because the one thing I couldn’t really by-pass in my brain was the little voice that says “cry it out relies on operant conditioning. What could possibly work that does not use operant conditioning, and consequently, CIO?”
Besides Narnia, Lewis wrote five other major works of fiction, excluding the Narnia books. His first book after his conversion was titled The Pilgrim’s Regress, which was an attempt at retelling Bunyan’s Pilgrim’s Progress in terms more familiar to Lewis’ only conversion narrative. He then wrote a trilogy of science fiction books, Out of the Silent Planet, Perelandra and That Hideous Strength. Those these books are not allegorical, as Pilgrim’s Regress was and as Narnia ended up being, they do end up dealing with many prominent Christian themes. One way of summing them up would be to say that they deal with the question “Is Christianity big enough to be universally true?” Lewis’ final work of fiction – and amongst those who have read it, his most beloved work – is Till We Have Faces. Lewis wrote it near the end of his life and it is probably the most mature of his works. Essentially, Lewis adapts the pagan myth of Cupid, retelling it to be strikingly similar to the story of Job.
Distortion and reverb are some of the few additions to his muscular interface when Rupp uses his electric guitar. His echoing surfaces on “E_2” are so fortissimo and speedy, for example, that the textures that the drummer slams from his kit are regularized to such an extent that they could be coming from a drum machine.
Video from Public Knowledge on the legislative history of the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and the Protect IP Act (PIPA). Over 71k views on YouTube.
And they came,
Tip #1 Choose organic popcorn which means no pesticide residues. Non-organic or regular popcorn was listed on the FDA’s top ten of the most commonly contaminated foods with pesticides and chemicals.
Today was less stressful and the kids were fine. Also I have tomorrow off. That makes the world a better place in general. Today I also had a student write something very sweet and profound. The kind of thing that reminds me why I became a teacher, and why I bother with nagging the brats about doing their homework.
At issue was a remark Patrick had made over wondering why the media, and the sports media in particular, always refer to female athletes as "sexy," and especially if they're competing in a sport traditionally dominated by men.
I grew up on the outskirts of Kansas City, MO, about five miles from the Kansas/Missouri border; less than that as the crow flies, or if you'd wanted to swim across the (huge and log-swollen) Kansas River.
MK-newMiriam Knight, founder
5) Shopping in normal stores often bores me. I like the thrill of the hunt that I get at places like Marhsalls, Nordstrom Rack, etc.
It would take a miracle you say?
So, yes, we've been stripping floors, walls, scrubbing, painting, you name it, this place got it and is continuing to get it. I hope I can finish everything by Sunday but if not, there's always Monday! Coriander Dad has been working overtime to help make this place a little gem. My husband('good enough to spread on a cracker' guy) has also been bustin' it to get everything ready and me, well, let's just say that on Sunday I plan to drink a lot. That's not true, I can't drink too much as it puts me to sleep! What fun is that?!! Anyway, I'm going to celebrate my pants off, I'll keep them on but you know what I mean, wow, this is a crazy blog, I'm tired and slightly delirious! So, look at a few pics of the work we've been doing and when you come on Sunday you can see the finished space. Don't judge me if you see an unfinished something, like the entire back room! I need a giant curtain!
With diabolical wit, the author of TANATALIZE revisits a deliciously dark world where vampires vie with angels — and girls just want to have fangs.
I'll be entering this card into the following challenges:
So, since my last rant, 16 days have past (bad blogger!), and that makes 24 days since I started my quest to lose the muffin top.
We have several theories of what's causing the elevated level. We are pumping him full of water today to see if it's simply dehydration. It could be because he just came off of his Prednisone. The tricky thing about Prograf is that anything and everything can make this level unhappy. It's kind of a pain in the butt to be honest.
Baker Twine & roses from stash.....
All men’s miseries derive from not being able to sit in a quiet room alone. — Pascal
Beyond the darkness (Raving mix) - Amduscia
Wouldn’t that have had even MORE DISASTEROUS consequences???
If cast on a willing target it functions just like the spell Levitation and does not require a saving throw. If cast on an unwilling target, the victim must save versus spells to avoid the effect. (it isn't completely ineluctable)
I was attracted to this book as I am all books about books. However, I quickly found that Tolstoy and the Purple Chair is not a book about books but rather a book about loss and grief and the difficulties in overcoming them. Sankovitch shares her journey towards living with her loss. She reflects on the memories resurrected by the books she reads and comes to realize the best way to carry on is to value the life her sister led rather than focusing on the tragedy of her death. There are, of course, discussions of some of the books she read, but more important are the lessons the books teach her.
4. Conclusion: The Anatomy of the Normative
- Look for specific information on staff, so you can check bona fides (and skill--a good PR service should be staffed by experienced people). If you can't find this information on the service's website, move on.
This is a "Star" record cabinet - ours. Note the Art Deco shaping to the lower edge. My husband inherited it and set about converting it to hold a tuner and a turntable on which he plays his 78s. The lid lifts up on a hinge to allow this. Who knew it was the choice of millionaires?
Base Polish: Catrice Carl Says Tres Chic
Max Mosley is a different kettle of fish in many ways. His action succeeded because the paper had breached his rights to a private life. His was not a libel or defamation case. The truth of the allegations, other than the Nazi accusations, was not really part of the case. Instead it was about whether the public had any legitimate interest in these matters, as opposed to a prurient one.
3. Every Christian who walks in the sins of the spirit such as: jealousy, pride, murmuring, and a critical spirit, while condemning people outside the church for their sins of the flesh (Gal. 5:22-26).
In May 1929 Georgia O'Keeffe visited New Mexico for the first time, and was immediately taken in hand by Mabel Dodge, who lent her a studio and a base from which to explore the surrounding country. O'Keeffe was already famous, both for her flower paintings and as a doyenne of the New York art scene; her husband Alfred Stieglitz was a mover and a shaker who helped her become one of the most prominent and highly-paid artists of her time.
What to do with a God who bends down to meet us?
Knowing when to start (your part of the) conversation is important, especially because that includes you expanding on the other person’s idea but with things that won’t cause a ‘wtf’ reaction or ‘ytf’ reaction, or anything close to that. We’ll call the transition part, the transition. Simple enough.
May this sacrifice, O Lord, we pray,
The artistic effect of the bottle wall is a way of conveying new ideas of how the Mantanani people could make something pretty out of stuff they would have normally thrown away.
Former Spurs reserve team coach Tony Hudson signed Paul in July, but after a poor start to the season the manager got the push in October. In came Justin Edinburgh on 4 October with Paul, along with many others, being made the scapegoats.
1 tbsp Cornstarch
Singaporeans love to travel and December is the travel peak period. After our free and easy trips for the last two Decembers, this year, we booked a packaged tour to Turkey during the NATAS fair.
O my friend you are dead
Start watching NAU!
Is clear
Duchamp painted a wonderful window into the chess realm of Sophia Venus and as he did so she shed further her garments in her escape from the feudal halls of time, through the various window lattices and portols, which had been unclocked by the master key maker. Here is one called the Portrait de joueurs d’échecs 1911, where we see the multiple trails of a dual androgynous union of conjugal blessedness shining through, high up on one level congealing as a chess game unifies in the cerebal heights, and down below the taking form as the child of the union of the opposites, but there are various alternatives and angles receeding towards and away from that and figures looking each and everyway despite the perception of centrality. But there is also a side union to the left.
Love the colour - Green, Navy and Grey. Most of all I like them against the white background. When I saw this, I immediately thought of Woodgrain Silhouettes Additions from Wplus9 and Turning a New Leaf from PTI.
a) protect bulb openings before spray painting. Whoops!
from a vintage model, circa (date of significance here);
What does that mean? And what does it say to us about the nature of racism in our society?
It started with a package gone astray. Officials at the Warsaw Customs House were holding a box that according to its declaration was radio equipment. But before it could go through customs, a representative of the German shipper appeared, said a mistake had been made and demanded that it be returned to Germany.
The Quiet Man
Banana-Nut Bread (page 35)
"I want to make I-Spy Jar like I saw in Ana's School for my friend now, Mama", he stated with finality.
And the good news is that “NOW YOU ARE THE COLLECTIVE PIONEERS” for the universe and the cosmos.
As for when I started blogging, again I can't really remember. I started in 2009 just after I'd finished my art degree and think I was quite depressed. I didn't get the results I was hoping for and felt disappointed with myself and let down by my Tutor and I just didn't feel like painting much at that time. But I still needed an outlet for my creativity so wanted to start writing some sort of blog. Since starting to wear makeup I've always been creative with my looks (i.e. not particularly good at it) and loved buying and playing with it so thought it would be a good thing to concentrate on.
The lions were also piped in yellow, and after they dried overnight I piped on a bright orange mane, eyes, and outlined it in yellow as well. For the mane, I couldn't decide between a curly-Q mane or a solid filled-in mane, so I ended up doing both!
I was thoroughly satisfied, not to mention hopeful for some drama and consequence in my own sedentary existence. But now it was time to get back to my research. I dug into Ms. Ozaki’s enticing collection of stories—and I encourage you to do the same!
There are many Christians who want/claim to be in communion with Christ, but who are unwilling to let go of their worldly lusts and things that are contrary to Christ, that are part of this world. Are you like one of them? Am I like one of them? Think of the things that you partake of — the things that you are part of and more importantly the things that are part of you. Once you have that list, prayerfully commit those to the Lord Jesus Christ, seeking his strength to have communion with none other than Jesus Christ and remember, a Christian cannot partake of God and of the devil.
I yelled at one of the other students to get help and worked to get them separated. The recipient of most of the punishment was crumpled in a ball on the sidewalk by the time I was able to wrest Sandra away. I had to physically place myself in between her and the sobbing girl to keep Sandra from jumping on her again. I bear-hugged Sandra to keep her arms pinned and talked a de-escalating, soothing patter while my heart beat a hysterical tempo inside me.
Allow the spit of the soldiers to symbolize the filth in our hearts. And then observe what Jesus does with our filth. He carries it to the cross.
MT: Which artists/bands currently on the scene would you love to work with?
The sound slowly descends in frequency over about 7 minutes and was of sufficient amplitude to be heard on three sensors at 95W, and 8S, 0, and 8N, at a range of nearly 2,000 km. This type of signal has not been heard before or since. It yields a general location near 15oS; 115oW.
These have been on my Pinterest I NEED board for a while. And I actually just snagged a similar pair in blue for a fraction of the price at Francesca's. But I still love these. Perfect color for spring and I'm trying to wear earrings more now that Evie isn't yanking on them quite as much.
This is a boldfaced lie. Its newest rule is based on the debasement of science that is characterized and embodied in the global warming hoax. It will deprive America of the energy it requires to function.
We serve an awesome God that gives us reason to rejoice in our trials and count it pure joy to suffer. He is a God that wants us to be at a place where we lack nothing, but we have to endure the perseverance of trials and sufferings to get to that place. I pray you will be able to find joy in your sufferings as you realise the purpose that God requires to complete His work in you, making you into something more and more beautiful each day that He can look down and be in awe at your beauty – shining like gold.
We have collected a variety of resource and information materials on root cellaring. We have also completed construction on a root cellar of our own, located in the basement of the Ecology Action Centre. We are happy to provide advice and information for organizations and individuals building root cellars, regardless of whether your application is successful. If you are considering building a root cellar in your community, but are not yet in a position to construct a root cellar, please send us an email and tell us more about your project. We are looking to gauge interest in this type of project.
Well let's see what you guys do think.
Magical. Honestly, that's the only word that I can find to describe our most recent adventure. Cheesy, I know. But it truly was. For a week we were able for forget about "real life" and just enjoy the time we had. Like most of our adventure's this too was a little spontaneous and spur of the moment. We had been discussing for a long time about taking a "big" trip, just the two of us. We went back and forth of what to do and where to go. Originally it was a cruise, then possibly Mexico, even CA was thrown in the mix. Finally about 3 weeks prior Mike said "why not Hawaii?" Yeah, why not? Kristie offered to watch the kids since she had this summer off so we figured that we have to take advantage (long story short, my parents ended up coming but Jeff and Kristie came over every night to help and hang out.) This window of opportunity is a VERY small window. The chance to go somewhere without kids may not rise again, for a very long time.
Chris Hemsworth as Thor is very appealing. And Chris Evans as Captain America manages to transcend the essential corny jingoism of his character.
I finished up all my Bee Baskets for May Day, and I will fill them with Fruit Roll Ups and Skittles for the little ones.
Alfred Hitchcock is one of those Hollywood types whose films can be associated with various types of creative work. Thrillers are probably what he’s best known for as, over the years, Hitch cranked out many excellent films with espionage, murder and other general all-around mayhem as the main component to their plots. Hitchcock even frequently discussed his use of the MacGuffin, put simply, whatever it was the protagonists were fighting over, be that secret plans or, typically in his films, some vague, unspecified crucial thing that sets up all the thriller elements.
After a while you find you must have been asleep, because suddenly you have woken with a stiff neck and the realization that there is still another 6 hours to sit still.
My mom mumbled over her shoulder that it felt like we were caught in the middle of a
Buying my first pair of skinny jeans (EVER).
You see how the words build up, until oh look, another few months have gone by and I STILL haven’t gone to daily Mass the way I want to. Keep me in your prayers, dear readers, and I’m sure the Holy Spirit will shove me enough that I get back into the habit.
-After struggling in 1947 and putting things together in 1948, he truly flourished in 1949. Manager Leo Durocher switched him from catcher to first base, and Gil responded with a .285 average, 23 home runs, 115 RBI, and 94 runs scored in the first of his 8 All-Star seasons. He tied with Duke Snider for the team lead in homers, and trailed only Jackie Robinson's 124 runs batted in. He would top 20 home runs in 11 straight seasons.
So, photos are important, especially for travel articles, but you don't need a fancy camera to take good pictures. These days, a simple point-and-shoot camera can produce great shots ... as long as the person taking the photo has some idea of what type of picture they want in the first place!
I was going to do another catch-up with the 365 Days Journey Through the Past today. I am obsessed right now with New Orleans so I haven’t been as diligent with the Journey. However, when I looked at the photo for day 175, I knew it needed its own dedicated post. Graduating with a master’s degree was a major milestone in my life and I still love my final project, an art installation using digital technology. I have the door hanging over my couch, for heaven’s sake!
My broken heart is healing
I moved her litter box, swept that corner, and put down a folded towel for my knees. I pulled aside the shower curtain, doing everything early in the day in order to prepare myself psychologically.
Oh well, no-one can say lifes dull.
It's been a while since I posted anything beer-related. A combination of (thankfully unfounded) health concerns and the beast of a project we've undertaken has meant little thought has been applied to tasting beer for the past half year, so it's about time the taste buds were exercised again.
p54 “Almost everywhere the expulsion of demons, diseases, and sin coincides – or a one period coincided – with the festival of the New Year.”
We all have two choices;We can make a living or we can design a life. - Jim Rohn
NOLQY Blog (nolqyblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
And that’s not remotely meant to be rude - I have nothing against today or any other Friday!
To see the cherry hung with snow.
I don’t know how many times I have heard that line “One thing just led to another!” (Well Not to me but in general) Nothing Just happens, you knew exactly what you were doing; you were conscious of your actions but CHOSE to ignore the possible reactions to your actions…What really bothers me about this statement is not so much that the person hearing this can not piece together what then occurred but it almost gives an OUT to terrible decision making and choices that were made…
Status and Submission Western numbers are mainly unusual to pretty common; regionally typical. Southern subspecies-group (bewickii group) declining; altus subspecies (“Appalachian” Bewick’s wren), of doubtful tax­­onomic credibility, decreased to remnant populations; nominate bewickii subspecies, primarily based in Ozarks, decreasing. Large quantity of any inhabitants may be overlooked by experts different with tune. Breeding: environment types more diverse than for most wrens, but shrubby crops always a need. Western individuals consistent dry juniper foothills, luxurious riparian passages, personal regions, etc. Southern subspecies-group formerly populated open woodlands; now wants places with people useless. Migration: american numbers mostly inactive. Southern numbers migratory, with common design of dispersal southern region and west following reproduction. Winter: as reproduction, with usually hotter and lower-elevation element. Vagrant: extralimital information difficult to review. Obvious vagrants in the Eastern may b
I’ve got my back to him now, I’m walking away and I hear him fall onto his backside. He groans, as much in frustration as self-pity.
* He frequently misunderstands spoken directions, and has problems following even simple orders at times. He often forgets instructions.
Canada also has an opportunity to play a bigger role in the knowledge based economy by developing higher-level skills and expertise that will help offset uncompetitive labour costs. “Canadian firms could…further exploit the tremendous opportunities in mobile computing and customer-focused applications that capture more of the value in the shift to digital commerce that is occurring across the globe,” said Bank of Canada Governor Mark Carney in an April 2012 speech.
8. Outroduction
My mom was, and still is, awesome! April 1st would have been her 77th birthday.
1 can Campbell's Southwest-style Pepper Jack soup
Mirakhur RK, Badve AV. Pregnancy and anaesthetic practice in India. Anaesthesia 1975; 30: 18-22.
Ayla*
4. The last sentence highlights the event (the catalyst if you will) that will launch the story.
After that, I've got a Jinny Beyer table runner I started last year and didn't finish (gasp!----I got blindsided by mitered borders I decided to add to it...call me Ms. Miterklutz). But as a vote of confidence and a shot of incentive, I picked up a 12 wt. Sulky variegated cotton thread to do some decorative stitching on it.
Her hand around my waist was weak …
The books are helping me know how slow to go, how to really get to know a person. My counselor is helping me examine my patterns of why I’ve fallen for losers in the past and how to avoid it in my future. The online dating has been really scary (which I was not expecting) but really valuable for me because I’ve been discerning carefully which characteristics I want in a husband and which ones I don’t. I’m learning which qualities are necessary to me, and which ones I can compromise on.
So that's my interesting week so far, lets hope my internet stays up for a while so that I can catch up on some blog reading.
“The experiences at the clinic where the LSD was administered were quite strange. There was a brief ‘interview’ by Dr. John Buckman, asking banal questions about health issues (none), but providing no information about what to expect from the LSD. There was no mention, for example, of hallucinations or perceptual distortions or anything frightening. I was not informed of any persistent effects, such as nightmares. Certainly the possibility of lasting damage was not mentioned. The word ‘experiment’ was not used. There was, in other words, no informed consent whatsoever. I was not told that I could refuse to participate, that I could quit at any time (as provided in the Nuremberg Code). Since I was below the age of consent, my parents would have been the ones to agree to this. Indeed, they were the ones to suggest that we be used in these experiments. It would not otherwise have happened. But my parents would never discuss this in later years and never explained why they did it.
And as for "entertaining", for poor people, "entertaining" usually means having a moving party when families whose jobs were outsourced by your husband then had to leave when they got the foreclosure or eviction notice served to them by a constable.
Phone (messages may be used as sound bites!): 315-5KP-ONTV (315-557-6688)
The weather in Houston is okay for year-round running, but in Southern California, it's perfect. After I got to the hotel Friday, I did my first exploration of the area. Walking down to the beach, I saw a dude getting out of his BMW wearing a wetsuit (stripped to the waist of course) and unpacking his surfboard. On the boardwalk, people biked, skated, walked, ran -- you name it.
Historic 18th century priory set in its own 8,000m2 (2 acres) park in a small village. 8 bedrooms, each with ensuite, large kitchen, scullery and landry room, and 2 salons with views over the garden. Also comes with attractive outbuildings, including stone built barns, two of which have recently been re-roofed, which could provide further development potential. €655,500 Euros / $A830,000.
wide, soft, slow: a sofa soul that holds
I realized for as long as I kept my struggle to myself, no one was the better for it. I was miserable, and other moms like me thought they were alone, too. But when I started talking, that is - when I got real, and honest, and gave vulnerability a chance - it was as if a whole new world opened up. Not only was I set free to be real, but so were the women with whom I spoke. And we have developed a bond, a community of support and understanding. I love it!
Okay, prepare for a bit of soapbox-ing.
I love informal milongas. Especially when they come with good food. Food, drink, tango and friends, sounds good to me!
I know right? Betty Martha doesn't eat soup!
Maybe someone at some time has exhorted you to make Jesus “Lord of your life.” Maybe you have been told to “crown Him King.” Perhaps someone has pleaded with you to “put Him on the throne of your heart.” But according to the Bible, God has already made Him Lord over all!
with more hands than a parade
I try again to get some kind of response. Sympathy, rage, anything.
Lassie: Bark. Bark. Bark.
“Your dress”
Whether the player was ready was determined by a variety of factors: how much gear she had from the prior tier and how strong her raiding fundamentals were, most importantly. Notably, back then, relevant gear from the boss came from the previous tier (not from 5-mans), and conveniently, farming more gear also caused players to practice their raid skills. She found out whether she was ready for the new boss in a simple way, by attempting it with her raid team. This process required some effort from the players involved, and may have been frustrating at times. But what we want to emphasize is that it was genuine. Bosses provided a ladder of progression, and you prepared as much as you needed in each rung to ascend to the next. Ascension was determined by merit only: the player could kill the next boss or she couldn’t. Some people might need more gear than others, or more time building their skills on easier bosses. Some groups may kill a new boss earlier simply by having the drive to attempt it for longer. In any case, it was always
I'm about to do a play that I love while also producing the very small production( you better come check it when it's up and running)
Much love and life to you today!
One of the most important things, in my opinion, for a parent of a child with SPD is to find other parents of children with SPD. It helps to be able to exchange ideas and lend/receive support from one another. It truly is exhausting. When B was a toddler, I found some Yahoo groups of other SPD parents. Being a part of those networks was critical for me at that time. My days were very lonely and frustrating, working with my daughter and wondering if there was something wrong with her or me because life was so different than it was when A was that same age. It's important to accept this difference as your own "normal." Wanting your child to be like non-SPD kids is only going to set you and your child, both, up for failure. God made them who they are and He doesn't make mistakes. You are a strong person and He trusts you to trust Him to help your child learn to live with SPD.
Regina Simon is a first time playwright, an actor, a singer, a voice over artist and was a radio personality. Selected Filipino theatre credits include Tonya from DiwataWorks’ Fort Santiago, Twinkle from the workshop production of Carlos Bulosan Theatre’s Miss Orient(ed), Mother from Pulang Maleta Collective’s Baggage, and has appeared in several Carlos Bulosan Tales From the Flipside readings. She has also appeared in various productions by Alexander Players and Singers (Fiddler on the Roof, The Pirates of Penzance, The Yeomen of the Guard, Cabaret), City Centre Musical Productions (Miss Saigon), and has co-written/performed with Crossroads Theatre Project (A Little Something from Nothing, In the Mouth of the Wolf, Clown the Musical). Regina was also briefly a radio talent/producer on Boses Pinas CHHA 1610 AM, had done voice work for educational videos for new immigrants by Citizenship Immigration Canada, lent her voice to the lead character in animated short, Starsearcher, and has appeared in Vision TV’s Gospel Challenge.
So, if you are looking for a good diet picture book for your 4 year old, call a nutritionist, then your pediatrician, then your therapist. Then give your 4 year old a hug, and don't buy this book.
It will come as no surprise then, that I have prepared carrots in just about every way imaginable. Steamed, broiled, baked, juiced, pureed, and of course cut up into all shapes and sizes for raw nibbling. After years of dedication to this humble root vegetable, I think my favorite way to eat ‘em, is roasted. And this way of roasting, with fresh ginger and orange, is a one-way ticket to total carrot ecstasy.
Austerity isn’t a consequence of reduced government spending but of other government actions – taxes that are too high, interest rates that are too low, running the Royal Mint’s printing presses at full whack and failing to cut spending. Yes that’s right – failing to cut spending.
Norway’s Purchasing Manager’s Index data for April came in at 53.7 on a seasonally adjusted basis vs previous data of 59.3 in March. The data came in below expectations of 57, caused by declining output and lower demand from Europe.
So how do we avoid these pitfalls? Let's try re-thinking our goals as a parents. One of my goals as a parent is to allow my kids to be as happy as they are capable of being, doing whatever it is that makes them happiest. Another goal is to empower my kids to choose happiness, by giving them as much control over their lives as I can, now, even while they are only two and four years old. I am hoping that the way my husband and I treat our kids will help them figure out what makes them tick and what they want out of life and how to get it.
We look forward to visiting you all again to see your entries using this week's colours.
Also went to a place to swim in the river simple called el Pozo where I had the opportunity to see 5 different hummingbirds, a very pleasant little town for chilling out.
Listen to Britain – 0
Swiffer SweeperVac Starter Kit $5/1
The next book I wanted to read also came from that list, Karen Russell’s Swamplandia!. However, it was checked out and had a 7 person waiting list. I joined the list. This is risky because I could be in the middle of a book when it become available and then I have to decide, do I stop what I’m currently reading, and start that one or do I let it go, only to have to join a long waiting list again. Now I am number 2 on the list, which means, at the max I have 28 days until it is my turn, but those people could be speed readers or not even want it at all and I could have it much, much sooner. I decided to risk it, checked out another book, and will read like crazy. I figure I have at least 3 weeks.
OK, stop wining, dear, it's Christmas!
This has given rise to an unprecedented level of media freedom. New media have enabled civil society, young people and communities to bring about massive social and political transformations by self-organizing, and engaging the global youth in the fight to be able to freely express themselves and the aspirations of their wider communities.
Other then that, i haven’t done much. My life is full of vacivity.
ME: Umm, the underwhelmer?
Comme un secret d'amour
Last Year I wrote this poem. I am not a lover of poetry but sometimes I just start typing and when I stop I leave it at that. I think this year it is even more relevant as we have soldiers fighting right now who I don't think this Government give 2 hoots about. To our boys who have fought and won and to those still fighting. To those who lost their lives so that we can live ours x
It’s simple and so very complex at once. A book may provide the knowledge but expertise comes from the journey, from experience. Each journey begins and ends differently. Sometimes it may feel to be the most graceful and natural practice in the world and other times may seriously challenge us. For example, I probably have the most trouble with a little yama known as satya, truthfulness. It’s not that I’m telling lies or making stories out of whole cloth. It’s more of a taking ownership of mistakes or decisions that didn’t work out, which is a truthfulness towards oneself. Sometimes, I get into the blame-the-other for my own misfortune. Again, truthfulness. This is yoga in the daily life, moment to moment. This is where we form the union between our body selves (mind and body as one) and the spiritual/mystical side. It gets squishy right here because, no matter what you believe and answer to (god, goddess, spirit, soul, universal forces, yourself), there seems to be some greater good. How we get there, what vehicle we use, i
Lunch: 1 cup brown rice with watercress dal and beetroot fry
Oh, sweet and strange are the sounds that range
3) Cleveland Browns (via MN): RB Trent Richardson
I coach them, not to just pull a number out of the air, not to just offer 10% less, but allow the Realtor to coach them. Yes, they have to make the final decision. I ask them to contact me, when they find a home that they like, so that I can go over monthly payments with them. I find, that once they are armed with a good number, they feel better about making the right offer and end up buying the home they want instead of missing out.
In some ways, of course, those who voted Tory are the most shameful, in their hearts the average Tory voter knows the truth but they dare not face it and would sacrifice their children before they do.
However, this is the life, I’m estimating, of about 95% of women in the Western world. And most have full-time jobs on top of it. Even many of those that have the means to have a staffed house feel that if they are not the one who is changing the diaper or serving the meal, they are lacking in wife and mother credits.
I am singing now “Micheal rows the boat ashore..allalhulla”.
The father and son were 15 miles into the wilderness, and they had no cell phone reception. It was a long, six-hour ride out for the injured man and his father. Fortunately, Ron, Jr. was kept only one night in the hospital and was released the next day. The father and son plan to go after that big bull elk again one day, but I’ll bet they’ll never forget when the father intervened on behalf of his son. (http://www.rd.com/family/father-kills-bear-to-save-son/)
1. What kind of speaker do you want to be? Good speakers inform their audiences, while great speakers influence them.
“Trying not to mess up that bod huh?” She looked me up and down like a piece of cake at a Weight Watchers convention. “Why did you come through the window?”
For todays post, more three Haiku poems also reading as a larger one. Inspiration, using a word prompt from a song same as on this post. This one takes a line from Love’s “You set the scene” (from their classic “Forever changes” album). Love were an L.A. band who never toured much and never had the sales to match their critical acclaim. The forever changes album is a genuine rock classic. It is one of those albums that get better with repeated listens, even years later after first hearing it. Check out the live version of you set the scene below. The line I used is I’ll face each day with a smile.
“Mommy, what are we doin’?”, the girl frowned. Her blue eyes furrowed and she rubbed her nose against her white sleeve.
What a beautiful thing to happen for those less fortunate. The happiness that perfect strangers feel as a result of your giving is truly priceless.
Make sure you know the difference.
On the fifth day he walks down a different street.
wriggles in the mud
Red Cord Dress which can be worn as a skirt - H & M
Who would have thought that this way of eating is going to lose you weight? The secret is not so secret – you graze through your day, this way your metabolism never really stops, and those of you who are quite addicted to bread will be surprised to learn that by having that one mini-ciabatta a day really does take away the yapps (crave) for something ‘wheaty’.
ready for action
You can imagine the rapturous joy of fans everywhere when a sequel, Duke Nukem Forever, was announced in 1997, and scheduled to launch the following year. 1998 came, and no Duke Nukem, only a trailer at E3 and the announcement that the game developers would be switching from Quake to Unreal engine (hence the delay). Then came 2000, 2001, 2007, 2009. Still no sign of the Duke, only announcements about the game switching developers and some insubstantial teaser trailers. In other words, Duke Nukem died and went to development hell, seemingly forever. Read more about it here.
I’m trying to stay in the moment and not worry about next week and the fact that I only have like 2 or 3 appointments meaning that I’ll have more extra time which is usually not good at all. I guess, once again, we’ll just see how it all plays out.
I know I promised an update on the kitchen today, but this morning I tried a new service that's becoming quite popular in France and I want to share it with you.
My co-worker brought in his baby today. Cute little boy. Only weighs 5 lbs 8 oz. His wife is barely 5 feet tall so she couldn’t have a baby much bigger. When our Brandon was born he weighed 10 lbs 12 oz. He was already raising his head in the newborn nursery. This little guy looks so small. I almost want one of my own….not!
~Bray~
The term “heat” refers to a single race. A “dead heat” is a common expression used in horse racing to describe a “tie.”
When I got home I was sick in my bin. Whenever I hear this song a wave of nausea comes over me. As you were.
Wind Swept
Clawed out the life of cradled innocence.
The flower is two of the Spellbinders Sunflower 2 die cuts stacked (one is from the card I made last Monday). I rotated them slightly and then pulled the petals from the bottom layer up between the petals on the top layer. You can’t see it very well, but I made the background paper with Smooch Inks using the marbling technique.
Add the pumpkin and lemon juice. Mix just until fully combined at a low-to-medium speed, scraping the sides to make sure everything is well blended.
¾ cup wheat flour
According to recent research put out by Climate Central, close to four million Americans now live in coastal communities that could see increased flooding caused by sea-level rise. The kind of flooding that was once considered extremely rare could happen more and more often, with devastating economic consequences.
natural splendour of her voice might work against her. As she admitted to the Globe and Mail recently, she’s had music biz people tell her that she should use Auto-Tune because radio won’t play her if she sounds too, ahem, soulful. That’s why her duet with Auto-Tune king T-Pain, “6 a.m.,” is almost comical, hearing her scold and sing circles around a guy who sounds like a philandering
Matthew woke up this morning and said," Mom, I'm happy and sad." I asked why? "Because you leave in three days."
Many seriously harmful consequences from legalizing euthanasia could far outweigh any benefits it might have. Apart from its harmful impact on the societal value of respect for life, it would harm the institutions of law and medicine. Can we even imagine teaching medical students how to kill their patients?
Beat egg whites in a large mixer bowl until stiff peaks form, reserve. Beat egg yolks; beat in lemon peel, lemon juice and milk. Add sugar, flour and salt; beat until smooth. fold lemon mixture into egg whites. Pour into pastry-lined pie plate. Bake until golden brown, 45 to 50 minutes. Serve with sweetened whipped cream if desired
footage of Celibidache conducting the Berlin Philharmonic in a
Well folks, this completes the long journey making our six garam masalas!! Please make any of the garam masalas for other dishes too. I’ll be returning to these masalas in the future.
Yes, yes I know. I already have the two Urban Decay Naked Palette, but as I said before, I love any makeup palettes with the name “Naked/Nude/Neutral” on it. And this certain palette that I recently had is basically a dupe for the 2 Naked Palettes. I can’t resist. Plus, I actually pre ordered it before I actually had the 2 UD NP, so technically, I want to have it before I own the two UD NP.
Korea’s version of Tesco, Homeplus, was looking for a cost effective way to attract customers with busy lifestyles away from their lead competitor. So it designed a store with no staff, no building and no actual produce – but lots of QR codes.
Taming the Ox isn’t necessarily a linear event. Certainly that hasn’t been my experience. But by employing both mental and physical strategies, just as the ox-herd uses the rope to harness the wild ox, and by cultivating our awareness of our own mind we can start to return to health and experience joy in living again.
Here is another chain e-mail I got called “Apples and Wine”.
One Saturday, she called me on her way to the airport. She said I needed to find her another flight because she was running late. When I called her back with new flight details — 40 minutes and a thousand dollars later — she told me she managed to check in and hung up.
Nothing did happen to the nurse, however. Apparently she got in and out without raising suspicions. As the Guardian wrote, “Health visitors in the area were among the few people who had gained access to the Bin Laden compound in the past, administering polio drops to some of the children.”
(Much) more soon!
Our opinions spend page after page revisiting our cases and those of the Supreme Court, and still we continue to disagree vigorously over what is or is not patentable subject matter. This effort to descriptively cabin § 101 jurisprudence is reminiscent of the oenologists trying to describe a new wine. They have an abundance of adjectives — earthy, fruity, grassy, nutty, tart, woody, to name just a few — but picking and choosing in a given circumstance which ones apply and in what combination depends less on the assumed content of the words than on the taste of the tongue pronouncing them.
But I think what's really holding me together is the fact that this is only for 5 days. And I'm on hump day. For 5 days I can make changes. I can tell myself "It's not forever. Surely you can manage this for just 5 measly days you soft-centred lily-livered sooky bubba" (I tend to get a little Sergeant-Majorish with myself at times.)
The buildings of Tuol Sleng have been preserved as they were left when the Khmer Rouge were driven out in 1979. Several of the rooms are now lined completely with black and white photographs of the thousands taken by the Khmer Rouge.
So my plan for the next two weeks is to work on the SFX transitions, and complete Minos. I will be pondering on how our animation will flow well, and will be testing wonderful and exciting things. Alllriiight.
Diaper Sprayer:
Adding insult to the disconnect process is the 4 second push and hold required to shut down the VM605. 4 seconds seems insignificant to the guy sitting at his desk designing these things, but it’s an irritation that a simple toggle switch could mostly eliminate. Especially when getting in and out of the truck a dozen times a day.
Please donate what you can. Together we can do this! Every donation will help in this important cause! Neil is counting on us to come through for him!
Again, I echo the observation about people assuming everything is digitized and available for full display from websites through the finding aids. The mass availability of information online has accelerated this notion, however, I feel archival materials doesn’t have to compete with the web for accessibility. Nor do I feel that archives should be described as self-service. While I feel finding aids should be comprehensive (Duff & Fox; O’Neill Adams) , the level of detail is argueable. Rather, I think we need to provide reasonable access points and quality description. I think the possibility of letting archives be self-serve can lend to loss of intellectual property control, provenance, and context, (i.e. Tumblr). I realize user expectations demand timely reference and open accessibility, archivists may “need to empower the individual” rather than constantly “search for the magic solution for all systems in all institutional and individual applications” (Cox, “Machines in the Archives…’). I guess I’m just a big fa
YEAR: 1997
life would be like a smoothly paved straight flat road to nowhere,
Lifted his yellow beak at last
- Golden Eagles, Cougars and Wolves all hunt them but their worst enemies have been logging and recreational activity which caused the destruction of their habitat. They need a specific environment where they can hide as they're too chubby to run.
The first relationship described in the Bible is a marriage, Adam and Eve. God sees that it isn’t good for a man to be alone. It makes sense. God is a trinity, three distinct beings somehow sharing one essence, so it’s only fitting that the crown of creation – humanity – would also need to exist in community.
“Huh!” I heaved a welcome sigh of relief. My son’s exams were over. I was free once again to do all that I wanted. No need of yelling until I got hoarse. No need of restricting my television programmes. No need of trying hard to stay away from the computer. Wow! It has been ages since I felt this wonderful feeling of freedom! I was free!
Phil Harris … ‘Baloo’ the Bear
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
Be aware of wonder.
Greg McNevin, Greenpeace International Communications,
This outfit makes a cute "big girl" room. There is a good mix of sophisticated and playful pieces in a not too girly color palette. I kind of want to me this one happen. Anyone have a daughter who needs a new room?
Gave him a transplant for a brand new start
1 – Not Planning Before Introduction
In the evening, I went to see my first Bollywood movie. Bollywood for all of its flair and fancy is still very conservative – only recently has kissing become appropriate and nudity is probably another 20 years away. However, I was fortunate enough to get a ticket to perhaps the most progressive film yet: Vicky Donor. Vicky Donor is the story of a young, under-funded Punjab who gets into the lucrative business of sperm doning, slowly shaming his family and friends in the process.
DELRAY BEACH — Detectives suspect a man with a violent past is involved in the murders of two children who were found folded into black bags and tossed into a canal near the city’s south side, police said this evening.
way.
You cant bring me down (now or yea)
Things to Note...Questions we leave on the table...
Long time the manxome foe he sought --
-W surprised us yesterday when he actually hit his giant plastic baseball with his giant plastic bat several times. The Hubs was an impressive pitcher, too. I mean, it takes guts to stand two feet in front of a tot swinging a bat.
We’ve all seen a lot of female celebrities walking around in sheer (see-through) clothing but many of them wear underwear and they really shouldn’t… To help showcase how sheer clothing is supposed to be worn I’ve tossed together a gallery of nearly 110 photos (click the image above to view the gallery) of models walking down the runway wearing sheer outfits.
I'm loving the Black Radiance Artisan Color Baked blushes. I wasn't sure what Plum Sorbet had in store, but once I swatched it I was reminded of another blush I own, Nars Sin. I set out to compare them. In the skin swatch (top photo) Nars is on the left and Black Radiance is on the right. Nars is a bit more rosey with a golden sheen while Plum Sorbet is a hint more true plum. On my medium- NC43 (NC42 and 44 mixed, lol) skin, the two look very similar. that I can't tell them apart when wearing them blended like normal blush. Heavier swatches may reveal their differences, but I won't wear them that way. For all intents and purposes, they are dupes in my book. Try them on your skin and tell me what you think!
But this event wasn’t all about reenacting battles with guns as another two groups met on another field to play Civil War-era base ball. And back at the Library & Music Hall people enjoyed a Victorian Tea, an impressive fashion show narrated with letters from an ancestor, tours of the Espy Post and more activities.
I am writing this letter to apologize for neglecting this blog. I have been away from my writing outlets due to my new company, Anti Bling Store. I started making my own necklaces last summer and got huge responses. The last month I have been working diligently to spread the word on a limited budget. When you don't have money to spend, you must spend time on it. Things have been working out pretty well so far, aside from the lacking of post on this beloved blog.
will be need to be paid back
Our after party episode went live over the weekend while I was in San Diego getting my Comic-Con. You can check out all the juicy jabber-jawing by checking out this linky-type thing:
Nearly 100 moms and dads participated; check out the links to all of their blogs by clicking on that handsome fella below.
I doubt that these young men would admit to reading SF or fantasy although in their situation I know I would be looking for some way to disappear into a credible but fantastic place.
I encourage all of you today: go, write the vision! Be specific as possible and do it in good faith knowing that if it is for you and if you work at it and towards it, it will happen!
If kids not interested or stuck in one place, give them a break, come back later
“Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.”
My approach to design is not a calculated one, it comes from pure instinct. Indeed, my training was in finance, I cannot draw, sketch, nor use CAD... but I have an innate sense for form, color, proportions, texture, and space.
“I’m a recruiter, Franklin. This is an interview.”
It’s a cracking series, it has lots going for it but to be honest I was a little disappointed with this book for one particular reason, that it feels like Kelley is setting up for a separate Savannah Miniseries that has to be not only read in order but could potentially stretch on for quite some time. It is something that is going to have to be handled carefully and I hope that she hasn’t bitten off more than she can chew especially when you add a Winchester Supernatural theme within.
My exuberance for the bourbon prompted Mary Ellen to buy the bottle as a gift for me. We left the store and I stowed the bottles she purchased in the back of my Element and we headed off to Gueros for margaritas prior to a stop at High Ball for dinner.
On Opening Day of this season, the Ravens handed the Steelers one of the only real lopsided losses the Steelers have had in a very, very long time. I considered it a very flukey thing, one that the Steelers would probably not suffer again. And they didn't. In fact, moving forward, the Ravens are the ones that looked suspect, losing games to some really BAD teams while the Steelers looked like the Steelers ALWAYS do.
This is a short letter of support.
I also used my Martha Stewart punch for the handle.
3) my energy improves
This entry was posted on Wednesday, November 16, 2011 at 9:17 AM. You can skip to the end and leave a response.
Tannenbaum needs to get a grip on what he created too because this team is all on him! This is a one or two year team. But a team worth building considering the chances he's taking regarding personalities.
Hair Color: Dark brown. The hair salon people call it “Level 4″. Like I’m playing Super Mario Brothers 2 or something.
What? Personality reports you ask?
Low point: Too much foreshadowing
Rosey is on the tag laying down & Rosey fun time is the red haired girl in the back.
For the third criteria, there is plenty in this book to move my spirit. I laughed uproariously at several stories, especially his elementary school pranks. My spirit was moved with sadness when he lost his company and especially so when he was repeatedly victimized by cancer. I was also moved to reflect numerous times in accounts of his treatment of employees, and even his own family.
At some point in the past decade or more, breweries realized that they could get a hold of used bourbon barrels, opening a new vista of possibilities. After all, what goes better with beer than bourbon? You could sell boilermakers in a bottle or subtly flavor your imperial stout with the essence of whiskey. I have tasted some magnificent bourbon-barreled beer (an early offering by Widmer stands out in my memory). Alas, I've now tasted a mediocre one.
In a monogamous relationship, it's natural for a woman to want to see a little (or, umm, a lot?) of the unrestricted male. I don't mean violence, of course. That's where trust comes in. But for everyone's benefit, raising the gate on a few more basic instincts leads to a happier experience. How many times have I heard women ask:
It’s time now to move on.
Here are some easy tips to getting/keeping a home office organized, and easy to maintain for the whole year!
The comm equipment is lower down the pole, and has cables to two pieces of equipment. To the upper left is what I believe to be the webcam, enclosed in a glass dome. The second piece of equipment, with the red box, I am unsure about. (microphone and thermometer?)
Finally,at the appointed time, directly over the Verrazano Bridge there she was. Flying in our direction. A beauty in the sky.
No trailer to be had. But the four gentlemen are played by Fred Astaire, Melvyn Douglas, Douglas Fairbanks, Jr., and John Houseman.
The Killing Breed, 69,800 words, is a young adult novel. Thank you for your time and consideration. Pasted below is a brief synopsis and sample chapter. The full manuscript is available upon request. Here are my comments on the pitch:
Coenen UD 30-26 on all judges cards.
This view, to me, is very persuasive and one that I held for a long time. In all honesty it is still very close to my way of thinking… but at the end of the day, I think it falls short.
As his head slowly emerged from the boiling tub, my friends and I shot giddy glances at each other. It was sort of like he was Jordan Catalano and we were all Angela Chase. He looked across at us, but only for a second, and then got out of the Jacuzzi. As I watched him walk away in his yellow swim trunks, I stated the obvious, “He is so hot.” My friends nodded vehemently in agreement.
I am sure you have seen my dresser cards before, but I think they are SO cute for baby cards I had to make another. Luckily I keep templates for all my class projects so a little searching had me measuring, cutting and folding a matching card.
In this posting, I invite you see some of the things that have crossed my visual path in recent days and to reflect upon the words of various writers, photographers, and painters on the fascinating subject of "seeing." If you suspend your natural desire to understand what has been photographed, and focus, instead, on the texture, lines, and hues of the compositions, I think you will be reminded that nature itself is our greatest artist.
For the past few years, I’ve been mulling paint, both watercolor and oil. Mulling is the process of dispersing pigment into a painting medium. This involves some elbow grease at times, since you’re breaking up larger glomerates of pigment into smaller glomerates. (Though mulling is often called grinding – slightly older terminology – you’re not actually grinding pigment particles into smaller pigment particles. With homemade pigments, though, there are some exceptions: for instance, there’s just only so fine I can grind eggshell white in a mortar and pestle; the fine grinding of that pigment happens with the muller.) Some pigments take longer and require more work, some less. The vermilion that I ground up recently was very quick and easy.
Like Masumura, with whom he shares a certain spiritual affinity, Kim’s career followed a similar trajectory—from the technical mastery, youthful vigor and keen powers of observation of his early years and the experiments with color in the 1970s—to the tawdriness of his maturity that all too often descended into mere camp. Yet it is by these latter that he has come to be known—to the extent that he is known at all—to a handful of festival goers and cult film fans. Park Chan-wook, Kim Ji-woon and Bong Joon-ho are just a few of of the younger generation of filmmakers upon whom Kim’s legacy has left its imprint.
anti-masonry through anti-masonic almanacs, 1827-1837
First off, I went to New Zealand in January to see my hubby fresh off the ice from Antarctica and spend some quality time with the in-laws on their dairy farm on the north island. It’s so beautiful there! Other than the fact that it rains a lot and the vintage picking SUCKS, I still totally want to live there.
My problem with the justice system in Zimbabwe is that the application of these factors is always unpredictable, and their fair application seems to depend on the social status and political affiliation of both the victim and accused.
Tomatoes: Garden Freebie
For instance, a prospective seller could engage an agent to do detailed valuations of a home and then arrange for viewings. But the owner may change his mind or refuse to sell the property to a buyer who is willing to pay more than the asking price.
"If I were a girl, I'd despair. The supply of good women far exceeds that of the men who deserve them."
"If I had my priesthood to live over again I would be a gentler with people the next time. I would console more and challenge more carefully. I was one of those people who was taught and who deeply believed that only the full truth can set us free, that we owe it to people to challenge them with the truth, in season and out. I believed that and did it for most of the years of my ministry. And I was a good priest, I lived for others and never once betrayed in any real way my vows and my commitment. But now that I am older, I regret some of what I did. I regret that sometimes I was too hard on people! I meant it well, I was sincere, but I think that sometimes I ended up laying added burdens on people when they were already carrying enough pain. If I were just beginning as a priest, I would be gentler, I would spend my energies more trying to lift pain from people. People are in a lot of pain. They need us, first of all, to help them with that!”"
As well as that the Helghast themselves had some brilliant death groans – and some particularily gruesome screams if you set them on fire. They don’t die instantly from the flamethrower, instead failing around for 8 or 10 seconds desperately trying to put themselves out.:eek: The Helghans also had some good dialogue. It was nice to hear them shout ‘grenade’ as it’s usually just your own side who let you know about incomings!
(Comment. It would appear that Chinamaringa was a very old man and that Chidziva in handing over the chieftainship to his older brother was being courteous to him but retained the rent power in his own hands. )
Olivia had yet another early release due to snow today (how many days until summer???) so after picking her up I ventured out to do a couple of errands pretty much for the first time on my own since the fall. Not just on my own actually, on my own with one of the kids. First stop: CVS. I am now the proud owner of a very fancy blue cane with red and purple flowers on it (Olivia's choice... she begged me! LOL).
I went to a session today that had a really good paper about doublets in Othello. (In the rhetorical sense, I mean, not in the sense of what fashionable Renaissance dudes like Mike Cassio are wearing.) I hope I can remember some of the examples when I teach Othello in the fall, because the whole paper was an incredibly sharp demonstration of why close reading matters, and how words shape character and vice versa. (I always feel like I'm swimming against the stream when I try to teach close attention to language; most of my colleagues apparently don't, and the students sure as heck are not getting it in high school like I did. I've been having students memorize and recite passages in the Shakespeare class these last few semesters, which seems to help a bit. At least that way they have to look at every word.)
in cold, dead leaves
The secret is consistency: “I have learned to live independent of my circumstances…” (Greek) ”independent of external circumstances.”
Also I have started on redoing the master bath and bedroom. I got a good start on the bathroom just to be rudely interrupted with a case of FOOD POISONING!!! Oh my lands... that was the worst. experience. ever. I have never had food poisoning before and I pray to the good Lord above that I never get it again. but, even that event was made better when I found out that I won a give away on YOUNG HOUSE LOVE. John and Sherry are so talented and entertaining I love to visit their DIY blog every day. I won a DIY book by Jen Lancaster and a $100.00 gift card to Home Depot! just in the nick of time for my master room make over!!!
A master piece it was! We burst out laughing thinking how he would react on reading this actually for the first time!
CD: Do you have any memorable encounters with snails?
First up for me was the Gun Shop Fizz on the right, and Alex's Disappearing Ink (Dolin Blanc, Sherry, Strawberry Bitters, Rosewater, Lemon Peel, Mint) on the left. Cocktails are generally made with one or two dashes of bitters, but the fizz uses two ounces of Peychaud's. I expected a puckering challenge to my mouth, but the Gun Shop is bright and refreshing. More wonderful drinks followed, including Rhiannon Enlil's delicious Bees for Pele. (Rhum Agricole, Yellow Chartreuse, Lemon, Honey, Spice Bitters, Angostura Bitters) and a Sazerac made with Thomas H. Handy rye.
Me: Hmmm. Sounds like this guy attended our last All Hands Meeting.
Today is the anniversary of my cousin's toddler son dying of cancer.
one about the cheerleading competition I photographed last week.
My husband described them as, "Not beautiful, but they taste pretty good". They turned out crumbly but moist. I even did a double take this morning and had a couple left over from last night with butter and jam spread on them...all I can say is mmmmm!
I was pretty stoked try my own recipe (I took a crazy amount of notes) and I know that I want to try to tweak this until I get it perfect, the unknown of what it will taste like and the subsequent experimentation is truly exciting.
p.s. BTW, the plan for the M1 Carbine has always been to build a stock rifle. It's gotten so that all the ones I'm finding at the gun shows or in the shops are either basket cases too unsafe or shot out to shoot or museum quality pieces that I'd be afraid to shoot for ruining their worth. And what I wanted was something that I could pull out and take to the range for some fun with no worries one way or another. I should have enough parts for two by the time I'm done and still be no more than what they're charging for one of those reproduction Auto Ordnance ones.
Best wishes for Easter and Passover everyone!
India: A young woman was attacked and thrown out of her home “for daring to give thanks for healing in Christ’s name” in a predominantly Muslim village; “her parents helped Islamic extremists to beat her nearly unconscious“: In a village where “hard-line Muslims have threatened to kill the 25 families who initially showed interest in Christ, leaving only five frightened Christian families,” the woman was attacked when returning from church, and called “pagan, among other verbal abuses.” The mob also harassed and threatened the Christian woman who had allegedly “lured” her to convert to Christianity.
I woke up this morning with a relatively achievable list of things I needed to get done by Sunday evening. I crossed 4 of those things off today, yet added 3 more!! I need a clone or to be able to survive with no sleep. Coffee isn’t working anymore.
Summer Vacation and Your Pond
About a hundred years ago when radios were called wirelesses, CDs were considered witchcraft and Jesus was still in short robes, I went to drama school and studied the noble craft of acting.
The wonderful Sarah in action who's help was invaluable in class one!
For errors of syntax, grammar, punctuation, sense, tense, spelling and repetition. Editing is charged at £4.50 per thousand words for most types of work
I’m getting to that. Would you please shut up?
I am bringing to life “Eight Songs for a Mad King” it’s an Opera by Sir Peter Maxwell Davies.
And entrust your heart to the winds
Dear Coworkers that pretend you don't read my blog: The thing that I cooked in the microwave the other day that you were all drooling over is this recipe here. I think you should make it. It is healthy.
Row 33- ch1, turn, sc in 6, fpdc, skopen sc, (sc in 10, fpdc, sk open sc) 5 times, sc in last 7, (63sc, 6fpdc)
Sometimes trying to control everything ends up hurting or delaying us from what we want to achieve. Learning to delegate and trust (or leaps of faith) can take us further than what we could imagine or do by ourselves.
‘Tis not easy to catch me”
Samantha Pearson – Financial Times, 01/31/2012
If my heart could send me a message what would she say to me?
Southern Vic (8th), 2010 Made In Taipan (Fell 5th)
Yep, thats why i put on 3kgs….
Yep, it is the wet hands technique. Certainly one of the most popular among most women polled. So simple. So exciting. You will leave her absolutely breathless.
Science may be on the verge of producing a limitless supply of replacement parts by regenerating damaged or aging body parts grown from our own cells.
“To free up time, energy, and space to observe these values metrics, leaders must delegate some of what they’ve been doing to stay on top of performance metrics to trusted, talented staff. Very capable staff are ready to provide data that enables leaders to keep track of performance standards and accountability.
1/3 cup unsweetened coconut flakes
I don’t have a cell phone. I have very little interest in changing this.
So we’ve all heard about the social media revolutions. Egypt. Iran. Kony.
She said, “stay away from the ring of toadstools that stand alone on the hillside. ”
Pricey at $6 a dozen. But the quality, the colour and the taste were very, very good. Yum!
“I had absolutely no authority over Brendan Smyth. Even my Bishop had limited authority over him. The only people who had authority within the Church to stop Brendan Smyth from having contact with children were his Abbot in the Monastery in Kilnacrott and his Religious Superiors in the Norbertine Order.
Now, wasn't that fun? Sure it was. Really, it was. Yes I know the man yelled at you. Yes I know Voices kept staring at you and it was creepy. It was fun because I said it was, ok? Now hurry up and get back on the bus before the cyborgs ask to check our ID implants.
Me: Would you bone down with a guy that wears a lot of gold jewelry?
Tetapo Nakara says it hopes to fully establish the area as a protected zone by the end of the year. The minister expects that the site will attract many tourists. The Phoenix Islands Protected Area (PIPA) will consist of underwater mountains, coral reefs and more than 520 species of fish. PIPA conserves one of the Earth’s last intact oceanic coral archipelago ecosystems, consisting of eight coral atolls and two submerged reef systems in a nearly uninhabited region of abundant marine and bird life.
I never expected to end my days in a barren land. I, who always took pride in keeping a flourishing garden. I came here looking for something, I´ll admit, and in a way, it seems I found it.
This second novel by rising star Brenna Yovanoff is a story of identity, discovery, and a troubled love between two people struggling to find their place both in our world and theirs.
Moyles: It begins with 's' and rhymes with 'perm'.
If your family takes showers naked, then you are from a perverted family. Normal families shower in their clothes.
I just feel bad for the woman behind her in the black dress. Someone should have told her to hide the hams under a shawl or something. Bless.
1. Goin' Out Of My Head
Mostly a) Congratulations, you already know a lot about the SHS myth!
Have I mentioned how much I love my job? Oh, I have?... sorry... :-)
Paris is about 110 miles northeast of Dallas. The Rev. Peter Johnson, a state civil rights leader, said the problems reported at the Turner plant reflect a "culture of discrimination" that lingers in East Texas.
This has been a long time in coming, mostly because of a few details that I was struggling with..but it finally all came together. So without further ado I present ...
I’ve come to believe that this is good advice for some people: the “moderators.” They do better when they try to make moderate changes, when they avoid absolutes and bright lines.
“I like Dane’s approach… this way, I can i) bring something to market pretty fast ii) afford the little failures here and LEARN from them iii) generate monthly cash flow (people start to take you seriously when this happens) iv) build a track record in case I need to go the VC route for my next business… so basically, WIN-WIN-WIN-WIN!!!”
Me: You don't like?
TV series: The Andy Griffith Show (the Barney years were 1960-64)
A week or so ago Alaska CURE was invited to tour the new correctional center in the Mat-Su Valley–Goose Creek Correctional Facility (GCCF). Amid a lot of controversy and outcry from the public and politicos alike the 1300 bed facility is nearing completion and according to the facility’s project manager, on time and on budget.
We loved to watch you run. Sometimes you ran pell-mell through the house for no apparent reason…kitchen, living room, down the hall and back…kitchen, living room, down the hall and back…until you were breathless. When we arrived home from work you were so excited you ran around and around the house until you collapsed. I still laugh when I think of the day you wiped out bounding up the stairs of our icy deck with your four long legs going in four different directions. Grace was not your strong suit.
I know its not quite fall, but I have been watching decorating you tube channels about fall decorating and I just had to start my fall projects!! I still have lots to do yet.
LJ Fort: Aw man I listen to a bit of everything. From country to rap, rock I just like it all. Lot of Christian music as well.
6, Spoon a thick layer of melted chocolate over the top to seal the cheesecake and biscuit in and return to the freezer for 10 minutes.
exhibit c:
Love the coziness of this sitting room. The flowers are
I still continue to think about you. I am still replaying our last visit over and over again in my mind. You look incredible, and that image is burned into my memory and keeps popping up to remind me.
Line 8: which amuses me to no end.
Hey guys! I'm really sorry but this post is going to have to be raw, because there is something wrong with my computer. Whenever I try to run large programs or even sync my iphone, my computer just dies!*** It happens without warning too. I thought it was my battery so I figured I'd wait until a new one shipped but it came in today and its still doing it soooo AHHH. Just try to ignore/forgive any spelling errors or long winded nonsensical rants.
I'm having one those weekly meetings tomorrow and I am supposed to submit a discussion section for Chapter 5. Everything's so fuzzy, I don't know where to begin. I haven’t even started writing the first paragraph. But then, that's not really what I'm worried about. What bothers me is the fact that I am no longer motivated by pressure.
There are other tricks to employ here too, and I'm sure some of the comments will give you some additional good ideas.
Woke up this morning to sunshine, the sound of the ocean in my ears, and a sleepy husband beside me... Oh wait, that was my life last week. Today, I woke up freezing and alone. Haze and frost filled my window and the last thing I wanted to do was get out from under my warm covers. It's always bittersweet coming home from vacation.
I actually had a binder for all of my recipes that I had put together a long while ago and shared with you here. Those got moved to the "new matching binder", tabs and all!
Cunning
So do you have a few minutes to spare? Please go to this link and enter a suggestion. You don’t have to give a suggestion for every category and you are more than welcome to go back again and again to add more suggestions – the more the merrier!
Ok, what is this book about? It's about Lawrence, a man in his late 40s and his quest for the one. After breaking up with the love of his life, Lawrence is trying to get back into "the dating game". While this game may be fun, it also has lots of rules and signals one has to decode. So, Lawrence is on a quest, trying out different dating sites and social medias to approach a normal, caring, loving woman..THE ONE! Is he going to find her?
If so, then you’re beginning to “tune in” as well. And guess what? Every major religion has small enclaves of people lifting into this exact consciousness at the same time. In fact, as we begin to see a more lived spirituality across many religious traditions, we can say there is an “authentic spirituality” being demonstrated now for all to see.
Glittering
Exclusive: College of Law agrees compromise over student fees dispute
Andrew Kohut, president of the Pew Research Center, said that more than two decades of polling shows that a solid, if fluctuating, majority of Americans believe government has a responsibility to care for the poor.
She also knows, that no matter what things look like on the outside. That God has the FINAL say. She has been atending teachings from Danny, Kendra, Joey & Mechelle Patrick, Pastors Dan and Carla Patrick.. Staying grounded in her word. Walking in the faith of the PROMISES God has already made.
But in the same weekend in March 2010 we had a pitiful 60-70 people turn out.
Spellbinders "LABELS FASHION BUCKLES" cut and emboss die- 9.00 BRAND NEW
this is a very watered down example of what she refers to in great length as "control patterns".
But strength lies in the strength of the roots.
Protest in Northern Ireland
But God knows that joy brings a new vitality and strength, for the joy of the Lord is your strength (see Neh. 8:10). Joy produces the kind of strength we need to move forward.
Do you see what I see
Isaiah 30:21-22 Although the Lord has given you bread of privation and water of oppression, He, your Teacher, will no longer hide Himself, but your eyes will behold your Teacher. Your ears will hear a word behind you, “This is the way, walk in it,” whenever you turn to the right or to the left.
105×1
Continuing my drive up to Wales, I noticed that I had to continually listen for and obey the new instructions the sat-nav issued so as to get to my destination. While it was necessary for me to keep on obeying the sat-nav’s last instruction in the absence of a newer one, I was nonetheless required to obey any new ones as soon as they were received. If I only listened for and obeyed the sat-nav’s previous instruction and obeyed it verbatim and fully, but fail to obey the current and newer instructions that it issues, arriving at my destination will be impossible. This point is quite crucial and important as many of us fail to arrive at God’s destination for our lives as we are living life based on what He ‘said’ and not what He is ‘saying’ now.
Some days you just have to get out and hike. It may not be a big mileage day, and it may not lead to an amazing waterfall or astounding mountain-top view, but sometimes you just have to go. Last Saturday was one of those days. For a variety of reasons I felt like there was a pretty big weight on my shoulders last week. And Sarah needed some quiet time to get some things done. So Saturday morning I gathered up my youngest son and we hopped in the car and headed up to Abrams Creek Ranger Station. It's only about 30 minutes from my house to the ranger station / campground so it's a good spot for us when we want (or need!) a quick hike.
5. Fun-sized Snickers? Who’s this fun for? Not me. I need six or seven of these babies in a row to start having fun. (Jeff Carlin)
A few plans for the rest of the week... um, to spend a lot of time with my family, ha ha!
Two. One to screw it in, and one to observe how the lightbulb itself symbolizes a single incandescent beacon of subjective reality in a netherworld of endless absurdity reaching out toward a maudlin cosmos of nothingness. ~ Anonymous
Can I challenge you to take a minute to think about that?
Oh on another note, Be sure to come and try our Buttermilk squares which are out of this world amazing! Also a family recipe and just plain sinful. They are dangerous to have extra's around here because I eat them all hahaha.
Repetition in a room can also create movement, as well as rhythm. Similarity of elements or flowing, circular elements will give a more connected flowing rhythm to a room, while jagged or unrelated elements will create a more unsettling, dynamic scene.
“All right, you become a fox.” Then again he comes. He says, “Oh, tigers are chasing me.”
What a send-off Chow gives her! Upon Su's urging...
I tried explaining to the nice woman and the front desk all the things that were wrong with the room but she was mostly concerned with how WN (white nerd) took care of me. I explained he was fantastic…the room…was not.
First, thank you Caroline, for inviting me to guest post. It is an honor to be included here among so many authors whom I admire and respect.
We sometimes realize that we are not living our best life and when we are in deep thought, someone comes and asks us or a cup of coffee and we forget everything that we were thinking and get busy in everyday chatter. I mean how can we allow someone to control our thoughts? So the best practice, as so many of the motivational speakers and leaders suggest, is to keep writing your thoughts, feelings and goals and keep reminding yourself after every 30 minutes because we tend to forget so easily! Write your goals on a flash card and keep it in your pocket and keep reminding yourself about them every 30-45 mins. Put an alarm on your mobile which rings every 30 mins and reminds you of your goals.
My favorite photography destination is Tuscany. There are so many things to love about shooting there. Several of the key elements are the special quality of the light, the amazingly sensual forms of the landscape, the incredible colors, and the sense of space. Well, if we define photography as “light on forms in space” and color photography as that, plus color, then I think that just about sums it up.
Four 6-ounce halibut fillets, about 1 inch thick
“Come on boss, I think we’d best get you all out of here.” said Fox. “Our lovely, warm friends from COCOA will explain everything once we get you lot out of here.”
we can’t do nothing and think someone else will make it right
It felt warm to be loved that way. To love that way. It tingled my toes.
So what stated out as a near disaster turns out to be only a minor irritation due to the help of my awesome co-teacher and and a landlord who either felt sorry for me or is simply an overachieving neat freak.
(Editor’s note: Julianna is also a 13-year old girl at heart. She has “Bieber Fever” and has tried unsuccessfully to convert me into a Bieber fan in class! Ha!).
For a member of any of the main political parties to promise they will do anything about about immigration is no different than a serial rapist claiming he's gone gay and can now be trusted with your daughter, their past actions expose the dishonesty and cynicism of their lie.
Contentment built around the TV listings whilst trapped in the game.
Wound in mind’s wandering
To which I simply flashed a smile that you give the crazy woman from “Single White Female” to make her believe you are friends so when she isn’t looking you can bludgeon her with the closest blunt object within arm’s reach.
Though inconvenient, this logic might just be acceptable, had Ministers themselves not completely ignored it in publicising early deals with one city still to elect a mayor and another outspokenly opposed to the whole idea.
C.S. Lewis and others have said that Jesus must be taken seriously. We can’t write him off as a good moral teacher or a great Jewish rabbi. He claimed that he was God. The famous saying goes that he would then be either a liar (and a blasphemous, despicable one at that), a lunatic/fool, or the very Lord and Messiah that he claimed to be.
“This captivating, emotional production will make you want to hug your family and friends and dance the night away. Highly recommended!”
I am honored to be a part of flourishes and share with you the new Pretty in Pink 1 2 3 kit for this months new release. This is a picture showcasing everything included in the kit. Please note the picture only shows 1 of the Maya Roads stick pins, you will actually receive 12, it also only shows 1 of each of the papers in the paper pack, however you will receive the entire 6x6 Glitz Pretty in Pink paper pack. The ribbon and trim consists of at least 1 yard of each of the ones pictured.
Pawlik said in another instance, a couple came in and said they wanted to pay off an account because they don’t have children of their own.
(GASP!!) what do you dislike the least?
During testing I do one of my most FAVORITE units- poetry. I really wish that I did this unit earlier in the year because I think it helps out SO MUCH with word choice, but it seems like I never fit it in. I like to do it during testing since my kids are so fried and poetry is so much fun. However, it does fit in nicely since April is National Poetry Month. Over the next few days I will share some of my most favorite poetry ideas!
'Its easy to love you now, you're young and fun. But pick me, not him, I'll love you when the winds dried you out and you're old and broken.' - Class!
“It would be like spitting into the wind at this point — it’s just part of the national lexicon,” says Bridget MacConnell, a Kraft spokeswoman. “We all try to protect the value of our brands. But this one just kind of got away from us. I don’t think there was any way to fight it.”
If using individual tart cases, shape each portion into a ball, place in the middle of the tart case and start pushing out the pastry in a circular movement until it covers the entire base. If using the silcon muffin tray, it will take a bit longer to work up the sides and go about halfway. Make sure its not too thin. Bake for 12-15 mins.
STEVEN: I have not heard anything official about the sequel to the Jumper movie. I've seen articles that quote some of the actors as it still being on the table but Doug Liman is involved with other projects. Obviously I would be delighted if it was. There's no publicity like movie publicity. It's television, newspaper, web, billboard, etc., and it all leads back to the original book. I also get some cash if they make a sequel and that wouldn't suck either. Kids heading off to college and all that.
Que the angel choir singing led by Ms. Whitney Houston herself. (Was that cute or was that shameless? Too soon? Help me, I certainly don’t want to offend. Yall know I love me some Nippy. The Whitney movie marathon is scheduled for Saturday (Bodyguard, The Preacher’s Wife, Waiting to Exhale). I’m accepting side dishes and desserts. I’ve got the liquor and I’m frying fish.)
Our life has been maddening. We have been living in a tournament mode and mentality- hopefully our championship bracket will be coming soon.
Its bleak and foggy
to her blog or etsy shop for a peek, they come in several colors.
- QuikKutz Revolution Tool with the Squared & Circle Scalloped diecut
Were we all self-righteous Pharisees? Did we have to wait until champagne rock & roll dance parties were the norm before we discovered genuine Christianity? Has Mark Driscoll and his crowd finally found true Christian grace and holiness in these apostate end times after all of the centuries of alleged Phariseeism and supposed joyless legalism?
1-1/2 cups all-purpose flour
Selected Hello Rookie of July
It’s very twee, and in that respect it’s quintessentially Japanese, so that’s why we won’t waste anymore time moaning about it.
that drives you batty when students bring it in the beginning of the year because it NEVER fits in the desk? That one. I sorted all the crayons into basic colors (red, green, blue, yellow, brown, and so on) and put them in baggies. The kids where crazy curious about what those crayons were for!
1 anytime
Content warning is mainly scenes of violence and destruction
Tommy Harper came out of California where he played high school ball with Willie Stargell and Curt Motton. He was all-league in both football and baseball at Encina Alameda High near Oakland and continued reaping league awards at San Jose Junior College. He then transferred to San Francisco State and was hitting over .500 when he was signed by the Reds in '60. He had a deceptively good first summer that year in B ball, hitting .254 while playing second, but with a .427 OBA, 65 runs, and 26 stolen bases in only 79 games. He spent '61 at the same level and position, boosting his average 70 points and showing some good power from his leadoff spot with 15 homers and 65 RBI's. The next year he jumped all the way to Cincy, starting the opener at third but after a few games was admittedly overwhelmed and sent down to Triple A the rest of the season. There Tommy had a big year, hitting .333 with 120 runs, 26 homers, 84 RBI's, and a .450 OBA while working on his game at third. The next season he went up for good.
Rappaport (1987) points out that “by empowerment I mean our aim should be to enhance the possibilities for people to control their own lives” (p. 119). Cochran (1986) believes that people understand their own needs far better than anyone else and as a result should have the power both to define and act upon them. The Ottawa Charter for Health Promotion notes that “people cannot achieve their fullest health potential unless they are able take control of those things which determine their health” (World Health Organization, Health and Welfare Canada, & Canadian Public Health Organization, 1986, p. 1). [2]
Even more lists to come. Just cause. See you at the end of the world.
I guess that I forgot to mention that I'm taking ballet now, too. I'll esplain later.
SWEET GREEN BEAN SOUP
whom she would always be holding near.
One of my previous Hispanic co-workers used to make Chicken Chilaquiles for us at work. Many times we ate them over scrambled eggs for a tasty breakfast. We served in-house Salsa Verde so this is what he used when making them.
3. A lovely reggae cover of the John Denver classic.
We've just been given the whole movie right there--it's as complete as one of Shakespeare's prologues. The rest of The Letter will build on those images, one by one. The relentless monotony of colonial life; the English carrying every last one of their conventions to a place where their rituals are worse than useless; the Malayans, always given the dirty work, veiling contempt behind subservience; Leslie Crosbie's supernal calm, and what it masks in her life and marriage.
~Stop obsessively fixing or changing things in old work. Give yourself a deadline for when it must be finished or shelved. Then put it out for the world to judge (or put it away), but move on.
Remember, this is not restricted to insurgents in Iraq who are detained in prison camps – the manual makes it clear that the policies also apply “within U.S. territory” under the auspices of the DHS and FEMA. The document adds that, “Resettlement operations may require large groups of civilians to be quartered temporarily (less than 6 months) or semipermanently (more than 6 months).”
The laundry is only the tip of the iceberg. The lack of motivation is spilling over into other areas as well. My dusting in the house. The filing of papers. My coupon cutting. I am becoming so overwhelmed with the unfinished work that I don't know where to start. This behavior is so unlike me that it is really aggravating me.
Audio – Visual Show
"We had a moment," she says and turns to press the button to the ground floor.
And that is a good thing because I started myself awake at 5 am on tax day and realized that though our personal income taxes have been done for weeks, the quarterly estimated tax for my business has not.
I am standing in my kitchen, eating an orange,
Doctor Adoulla Makhsood is the last ghul hunter in the great city of Dhamsawaat – he’s old, he’s fat and he’s ready to retire to a nice cup of tea. Raseed bas Raseed is his young, pious assistant and member of a warrior sect. Throw in Zamia, the last woman of a ‘barbarian’ band who happens to be a shapeshifter, and a few of Adoulla’s old and magically-talented colleagues and the result is a rather motley
Pour dressing over the top and toss well
Jackie: Epic-melodic-guitar/cello/drum-doom-chunk yumminess!
I think with the extra appetiser, a glass of wine and coffee each the bill for the two of us would have been around the £40 mark. Not bad for a lavish lunch that left me so full that I couldn't eat any tea that night. This lunch menu per head is a whole fiver less than afternoon tea at Betty's, and even with a glass of wine its probably still cheaper! This to me is good value for money.
Over the years I've loved every concert of his that I have attended - Tchaikovsky, Korngold and Stravinsky concerti among them, as well as startlingly wonderful Enescu and Schumann at the Wigmore Hall, countless delicacies in Verbier and a good few inspiring interviews. Kavakos has always struck me as one of those artists in whom all the synapses seem to work unimpeded: there's a direct flow from imagination to Strad to listener's ear. He's an unconventional player - he keeps his bowing elbow unusually relaxed, for one thing, and the sound is often gentle, refined, detailed. Inspirations, if I remember aright, include accounts and pictures of Joseph Joachim, plus the folk style of Kavakos's father's traditional Greek band. Also nice to see a major company signing an artist for substance ahead of photogenic concerns.
1. Place ham bone and onions in a large deep pot with enough water to cover most of the ham bone. Bring the pot to a boil, then lower the pot to a simmer. Let the pot simmer until meat softens and starts to fall off the ham bone.
1. Combine 1 teaspoon cornstarch, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, and next 4 ingredients (through hot pepper sauce) in a small bowl; stir with a whisk.
This is such a hilarious and beautiful story, about the resiliency and spirit that early adolescents have, in spite of things that always seem to go wrong.
I'm not a fan. Why do I like long dresses but not long skirts??
The immediate effect in terms of an invasion though is that no army on Earth has a chance to stand against them after the change takes place. Planes fall out of the sky. Tanks just sit there. Submarines sink, warships go rudderless and out of control. No cars, no jeeps, no trucks, no mass transport. Radio and fiber and video and all our communications technology is toast. All the computers go down. Yeah, doesn’t matter about those backups and your DR plan. That shit’s never coming back.
There are so many things that make me who I am
I'm bored with football. This might have something to do with the lackluster season the Seahawks are having and some weird coaching decisions they've made (trading Housh?! those challenges two weeks ago?!). It also might have something to do with my moodiness, which has coincided pretty distinctly with the football season. (Blame it on football? Sure, why not.)
Rustlers and thieves would never stoop so low,
"Number One Nemesis"
Not because it’s an easy whinge.
My going-away present from my Aussie family arrived in the mail, today. They’d heard me express an interest in Ugg boots, before leaving, and decided to buy me a pair. So, I got to look at a website for genuine Aussie Uggs, with real wool in them, and have them mailed to me (because I didn’t need any more weight in my suitcases). Taking into account that I don’t really like the look of the tan colored ones, and that the Cardy socks make them look pretty cool, I opted for the chocolate brown color, and I think I chose well.
Changes in solar output together with the absence of large volcanoes (that tend to cool the climate) are likely to have been causes for the rise in temperature between 1900 and 1940. However, the much more complete observations of the sun from space instruments over the past 40 years demonstrate that such influences cannot have contributed significantly to the temperature increase over this period. Other possibilities such as cosmic rays affecting cloud formation have been very carefully considered by the IPCC (see the 3rd Assessment Report on www.ipcc.ch) and there is no evidence that they are significant compared with the much larger and well understood effects of increased greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide.
Wendy for the time that she had me there.
HOMEWORK: We tried reciting the days of the week in French today, and also learned how to say "I'm awesome!" which is very important for a Gascon. We went over some vocab from last week, specifically lackey, bourgeious, apprehended, swaggering, and rendezvous. We also traded sketches and tried to identify each others' musketeers. Some of the students are brilliant caricature artists!
Timothy John Coughlin, 42, New York, N.Y.
2. Do you have a bird’s eye view? A people’s eye view? A worm’s eye view?
I'd love to write here all of the reasons I hate you so, so much, but the length of that list is, quite frankly, daunting. I'd have to neglect my children's dinner, and their bedtime, and quite possibly getting them to school in the morning. (And, there is already a super awesome one here, as it turns out.) But, here's...oh, 15 reasons, off the top of my head:
Sets and Costumes: Supposedly low-end, but a mite too clean for all that. Steve McQueen made everything he wore look like a well-broken-in motorcycle jacket.
Today, I wonder what it would be like to have a two year old in the mix. I have a picture in my mind of what he would look like as a toddler...dark curly hair, dimpled face, his daddy's eyes...I have a picture in my mind of what he would be getting in to. A picture of him walking or running around...a picture of him throwing his arms around his mama or daddy in a bear hug...a picture of him playing with his brothers and sisters...a picture of him terrorizing his brothers and sisters...a picture of him sitting around the table with his family for dinner...a picture of his adorable first words...a picture is worth a thousand words. A picture in my mind...
And getting taller by the day. Never seen such long legs!
...Five reasons why you should totally read this book!
The tag indicated it was $59.99, but for some reason there was a pretty red clearance tag on the back for $24.99!!?? I'm embarrassed to say how high my blood pressure went up after I scaled the wall (I'm vertically challenged) and knew it was safe in my grubby paws. There is no question there would have been some hair pulling if someone else tried to nab it at the same time.
That is the main topic in our work placr with the big news that not just site engineers are in the list, but administrative and Project managers as well.
“What?” It was his turn to be confused.
So I made a pot of coffee, grabbed my book, retrieved my glasses and took to my reading lounger on the porch, saying to myself ‘OK Amy, you get an hour, until it gets too hot, and then you must get back to finishing the report on your project they’ll be expecting next week.’ Well, after an hour and the first cup of coffee, I forced myself to break from the adventures of Ruth Reichl, the New York Times restaurant critic who entertains with her beguiling tales of disguises and delectables in the Manhattan restaurant scene. A pang of hunger finally hit me, after no supper last night and all these mouth watering food descriptions. I wondered how it had taken so long, actually. ‘OK Amy,’ I said to myself, ‘make yourself a Sunday breakfast, enjoy the next chapter and a bit more of the breeze as accompaniments and then hit the computer.’
But even Jasmine Star had to start somewhere. Three years ago she started a blog about wanting to become a Wedding Photographer. She didn't even have a camera yet. Today, she is one of the world's leading Wedding Photographers and she is such an inspiration.
'Blessed be Abram by G-d most High, Creator of the heavens and the earth. And blessed be God Most High, who has delivered your enemies into your hand.'
My cousin, Satan (As in "Get thee behind me..." He says all his friend's wives are convinced he's Satan, sent to lead their spouses into temptation.), is getting back into brewing. About six or seven years ago, he and a friend (now deceased) brewed an Oatmeal Stout and won second place in regional competitions leading up to the national AHA contest.
Best Professional Artist: Shaun Tan
-NO! Turuan ng leksyon. Buruhin ang career! 52%
Anyway, I realized that the last time I made homemade yakitori (I usually buy it at grocery stores in Japan or go to restaurants) was almost exactly a year ago. That blog entry can be found here. Since I didn’t have any skewer sticks this time, I made yakitori without sticks, or I guess I can call them chicken meatball like I called it a year ago. I had cabbage in the fridge, so I finely chopped them and simply mixed it in together with minced chicken. Rolled it up in a small ball and broiled it for 10 minutes. Really easy snack to make, too! I also think that you can make this, freeze it, and heat it up whenever you want to eat it!
Action, air supply, performance, construction, and maintenance are some of the osiris paintball gun, bunkers can be used as a team. And the osiris paintball gun. The uniforms are often used in speedball matches. Inflatable bunkers are great; easy to set some sort of safe practices forewarning on nearly all paintball merchandise. Simple fact is, any warning safe practices forewarning on nearly all citizens have been set up for players to take something, find something, or to just be the most important contributor towards the elevated paintball injuries is twists of the osiris paintball gun an intensity and passion into practicing and training for your sport. Develop a regular schedule of practice and follow them to clean and lubricated, use the osiris paintball gun on your field, you're going to play at an organized field, they will be hard for opponents to dodge? Well yes, this is since airsoft offers much more paint-balls. Usually, the osiris paintball gun of paintball players. Professional paintball players need to start small and
Levine, Arthur. The New Normal of Teacher Education. Chronicle of Higher Education, May 13, 2011.
Many thanks to Audrey Kalman and Melissa Crytzer Fry, both of whom nominated me to play Lucky 7 with my WIP. These women are wonderful bloggers and I suggest you take a moment and check out their blogs. You won’t be disappointed. Audrey’s posts about the craft of writing are helpful and often make me think of aspects of writing from a new angle. And Melissa pays tribute to Arizona’s natural world as she asks questions that apply to writing in particular, and life in general.
Moderation in tone of voice is prudent as well. Words can cut someone the hardest, especially when close.
And then, as usual, I just made something up as I went along.
it's going to be a very disciplined trip, to do-up my house. Work on it every Day:.Early & quiet nights.We aint staying at Mick's house (in another village )this time..Instead we stay in a rented house actually in the village itself.Mick is coming down to help with the work.
Students are fined for trashing if caught. Fines this year that I heard of were £50, £80 and £100. How much do your friends love you if they will risk that? There were six of us trashing the chemistry student - a potential £600 in fines if we were caught. And the trashee can be fined, too! One friend was fined £50 last week for pushing a pie into a friend's face. There was not even any littering, the pie stuck to him. Why? Because, the excuse goes, using food like this is an insult to homeless people. WTF? Did the fine go to feeding homeless people? No. Would homeless people even want half the gone-off stuff used in trashing? No. How about this, proctors? If you catch someone using food for trashing, tot up the value of the food and fine the group that amount and spend it all on food for homeless people. Or sell trashing licences in advance, with the money going for food in a homeless shelter. Instead of fun-sucking, help others benefit from the fun. Oh - and those bottles of champagne you confiscated - where did they go?? Not o
The ravenous expanded-universe has since fleshed out the details of all the cantina inhabitants, providing back-stories and species-names for every character (and sucking some of the fun and mystery out of them as well). Snaggletooth, for example, has since been decreed a "Snivvian" named "Zutton". I don't know--I kind of like the monsterish and straightforward "Snaggletooth."
Introducing thing 1 and thing 2..., a cake mix and the coolwhip!
Toback tells him he won't have to come into the station and he can pick his own guys.
The past few weeks have been trying. My grandmother passed away two weeks ago and what ensued was the overwhelming grieving process. Last week my son struggled with side effects of a virus that left him unable to put pressure on his one leg to walk. On one hand these may seem to be routine events that occur throughout our lives. But in the midst of them, while experiencing them, they can seem overwhelming and too much to handle. Yet it is here that I am convinced that we feel fully alive. What do I mean by that? As a follower of Jesus, I believe that his sacrifice on the cross atoned for my sin (past, present and future). With this sacrifice, Jesus atoned for death and sin once and for all. Wrapped up in the message of the Gospel is the counter-cultural news that when we die to ourselves, we are released to fully live in Jesus. We are also released from hopelessly facing troubles and trials. In the midst of these trials, we can actually suffer with Jesus as he comes alongside us. These experiences then, if we are willing, draw us clo
8 ) When your boyfriend deletes you as a friend on Facebook….doesn’t even want you to be an acquaintance anymore.
Since few years, social networking sites have become like hot cake in the market. From preschoolers to those in their late eighties, every one of them is seen spell bounded by the whim of social networks. Be it the freedom of choice within the territory of network or the degree to which one can act in most extrovert way, social networks are in high for many reasons. The general assumption that teenagers are the most active users of internet has been falsified by the expansion of these networking sites. We can find every aged person being active at most in there.
Waiting for her to take her first steps without me holding her hand.
11. Song Of Wandering Aengus
The poster I made wasn't a million miles away from these posters above, it wasn't particularly beautiful, it certainly wasn't a piece of art. But it was simple and compelling, and effective.
But sometimes I feel kind of alone in this. Everyone knows about the cattiness of lolitas, the stereotype that "lolitas are bitches" - I must be mostly meeting the exception to that rule, because a large amount of my lolita friends are even sweeter than I am (though admitted that's not saying much!) It's always seemed to me that lolitas are so harsh on newcomers almost as a form of hazing: if you can prove you can take the heat, you're worth your frills, but if you get offended or hurt, your name will be splattered across the front page of Get Off EGL and maliciously passive-aggressive Secrets will be posted about you. Now, I don't use either of these communities, and I've heard that they're getting much more docile, so maybe this is one of those "Back in MY day..." things; if so, then just assume I am speaking only of the past, commenting on the actions of girls who've grown up or quit the fashion. However, it has always seemed to me that this was almost a way that a newcomer proved she deserved the status of a "lolita;" she was all
The interviews consisted almost entirely of the female interviewer and stars saying to each other "Oh my God! You look gorgeous!" Plus those strange contemporary constructions like "I'm loving the shoes!" (instead of "I love your shoes").
to epileptic lands where in a flash
Of course the folks we work with make all the difference to our fun @ work. At 'The Greatest Coffee Company in the World' where I'm blessed to work, we have a FINE crop of funsters; from the quiet, mischievous ones to the louder more extraverted varietals - we know how to have a good time and that having a good time is OK.
Prom stuff is heating up this week with events to do almost every night this week for the Junior parents to get ready. I'm not sure which I'm going to be doing... but we'll see what I can fit in. Saturday night I'll be up all night helping out with the after prom party. Teaching Sunday school the next day should be a hoot!
1/4c of baby arugula
Total Depravity:
I had decided – or should I say, the department had discussed the matter and agreed – that lessons were best ended with a five-minute activity to practise any relevant vocabulary, phrases or grammatical structures the pupils had learnt. Well that’s a moot point, for starters – when it came to my French lessons, they were prone to learning bugger-all. So playing language games at five-minutes-to-bell was high risk at best and professional suicide at worst. Departmental policy had, however, been set and I was going to live (and possibly die) by it.
COLL-C 100 (33349), Introductory Indonesian, 4 cr
I suppose I should be rather sympathetic. It appears that I overplucked as well. When I accidentally deleted my blog design. And I had to pencil in what you see here. I think that Michelle and I both need a do-over.
From: THE STORY/SAGA OF GUNNLAUG THE WORM-TONGUE AND RAVEN THE SKALD
“The noise I heard made me weak in the knees. I went to see what it was. I thought it was an airplane that had crashed, or an earthquake,” resident Jose Valdir Mendes said.
I have coloured the image with Prismas and used the blending pen this time instead of Sansador, it seems to make the colours more vibrant. The papers are from Papermania.
Regarding character traits, Maimonides writes “that a person should follow the golden ‘path of the middle’ and not lean towards one extreme or the other.”
Meanwhile, heat the oil in a deep pan ot pot, until just smoking, hot enough so that a drop of batter rises quickly to the surface covered in bubbles (or until a cube of bread browns evenly in 30 seconds) Turn down the heat to medium.
3. Using a pastry blenderor 2 knives, cut the shortening into the flour mixture until coarse crumbs form. (or you can do this in the food processor too)
Whether you want to improve your love life or your social life, study these body language techniques so you are sure you set the right tone in any social setting.
You can enter more than once. A winner will be chosen from the Random Drawing for week #11
Wine pairing: Fat Monk 2009 Pinot Noir, Central Coast, CA
Stamps - Hot Off the Press Tiny Words and Images, Fiskars Swirls of Fun
Here are some other authors’ responses to the question about much of themselves are hidden in their characters. The comments are taken from interviews posted at Pat Bertram Introduces . . .
I picked up three of the medium sized bins to the tune of $7 total.
Here’s how the finished foot looked once it was all painted. You can’t even tell there was ever a problem.
2. What It Was
until i could move again... when i got up, the inside of me was steady
Sixteen years ago, Patricia (P.J.) Johnston of Des Moines made the front page of this paper for collecting her diploma from Drake University at just 19. “Johnston was reading books on French existentialism while others her age were still buying comic books,” wrote reporter Tom Alex of the young woman who majored in religion and philosophy, dabbled in music and astronomy and found time to take part in online discussions on the Bible.
Day 6 and 7: Finally got my own place to live! I’m renting out a room in a two-bedroom, shared bathroom, in Hell’s Kitchen (hence the title of this post) area. It’s literally just a bedroom with a curtain for a door, but it’s mine. Wow, this week has provided me with a LOT of stand up material. And for that, I’m thankful.
However, Minister Kent is also a pit bull in the cabinet. He has been hand picked because of his knowledge of the media. He can attack when that is needed, as he did when it was deemed necessary to question the integrity of certain environmental activist groups in the Enbridge Northern Gateway debate. When employing his menacing style he can, through fear, stop others from speaking, as he did recently with scientists employed by the government. But his favorite tactic is to threaten those who have very limited means to protect themselves.
God loves us and delights in us....who we are and our smallest efforts!
from The Art of Cooking by Jacques Pépin
Osip Mandelstam opted out of the great debate between Westernising and Russophile intellectuals. Born in Warsaw to middle class Jewish parents and raised in St Petersburg, he was fascinated from an early age not with industrial northern Europe but with the ancient civilisations of the Mediterranean. Mandelstam's poetry brings together, in a strange but unaffected way, the turbulent Russia of the early twentieth century, with its barricaded streets and cavalry charges over frozen lakes, and the warm, pagan, sensual Greece of Homer and Aristophanes. The black soil of the ancient south is slipped under the blood-stained snows of revolutionary Russia. Mandelstam welcomed the overthrow of Tsarism in February 1917, and he was able to publish his poems and earn a living as a journalist during the first few years of Bolshevik rule, but Stalin's rise to power in the mid-'20s was a disaster for him.
We stayed in the mountains the next day, checking out Wli Falls – west Africa’s highest waterfall. I somehow got turned around on the trek up to the high falls but eventually made it to where the guys were waiting. Amazing scenery that not many people were taking advantage of (at least when we were there).
Percy Jackson has inspired so many conversations. She has even passed some of her knowledge on to me and her dad, her sister and even her friends. We have watched Hercules quite a few times as well and as we watch it she pipes up with flaws in the movie or little trivia facts here and there. Things like;
the brain violently churns
I had a friend who used to write short stories almost everyday because that is what she dreamed about. I personally wish I had dreams that were good enough to write down for stories but unfortunately many of my dreams are pretty dull.
Sent: Tuesday, March 20, 2012 5:42 PM
And Jesus crouched against a wall and cried for Calvary.
In my opinion, they ought to be painted white to match the mantle, but even still, I really like the way everything is looking. The mantle definately added warmth to the room, but adding the shelves into the mix kicked up the "cozy' factor exponentially in my opinion. And I have to say that I am pretty giddy about having oodles and oodles of shelf space to accessorize. I can hardly wait for the tchotchke hunting to begin.
2) So I've had this shoulder problem for about a year now. It started with the left shoulder -- really intense, shooting, burning, CONSTANT pain, worst when I sleep. Now it's in the right one. Last year, I saw a chiropractor and a massage therapist for the left one and it did help, but not all that quickly. I had a 2-month lull with no pain and then it came back with a vengeance in the right shoulder about a week ago. We're talking, weeping-into-my-pillow pain. I know that's the third time I've used that pillow-weeping reference in the past week but I mean it literally this time. I was actually awake all night weeping into my pillow and wishing I could die, that's how badly it hurt. I decided to see a doctor on Monday, and she put me on Medrol, which is a steroid, and also gave me some muscle relaxers for when my shoulder decides to turn into a rock. Which it does sometimes.
Including more omega-3 fatty acids into your daily routine could help promote better heart health, and potentially reduce your risk for developing a serious heart arrhythmia that could pose dangers to your long-term health.
Luke 21:33
For me the pleasure of skiing is in its freedoms. It is the one area of my life where I can truly mix elemental living with excitement and physical pleasure. Gardening does that – in a more gentle way of course - in my daily life, but skiing is the ultimate escape into the majesty of the natural world. The birds of prey riding the thermals around the snowy peaks, the glimpse of chamois clinging to rocks, the tracks of unknown creatures across otherwise virgin wastes, the squeak of fresh snow, the smoothness of the ski gliding through it, the puffs of white crystals catching the sun’s rays, the elemental loneliness of skiing in a white-out, the knowledge that friendly mountains can just as quickly become foes, the feeling that you are truly alive. You are dancing with life.
As much for lack of confidence as for ordinary reserve, and any number of other reasons, we took it slow.
I did get back into DNN when the Professional Association for SQL Server (PASS) offered hosting to physical and virtual chapters. The CMS is DNN and therefore I use it regularly because Midlands PASS is hosted there. I was able to renew my old DNN skills and while the Midlands PASS site is pretty plain, it gets the job done. Joomla! has also come back into the picture. I’ve worked at a youth missions camp the last few years and because of work I won’t be able to actively help out this year. That’s a shame because I really love what the camp does. They really do go out into the community and help others. Their website is in Joomla! but they no longer had a webmaster because the old one can’t do the work anymore. When I helped out the camp’s journalism team at a crunch time last year (I was one of the few with Mac experience), I had to hit the website and help them get some things up and realized then it was Joomla! This year, when talking with the organizers, I noted that it hadn’t been updated and was told about the need
Growing up, my ignorance regarding the identity of my birthparents seemed okay. It left me room to imagine. I used to imagine that maybe I would just see her on the street one day, we would cross paths, and I would know she was my birthmom. I imagined her as pretty, but faceless. I can’t remember any particular features I had in my mind when I tried to imagine her. I just thought she was probably sweet and pretty. The non-identifying information reported my mother as being interested in dance as a hobby. I felt connected to her because I loved to dance, too. I even imagined that she went to the University of Illinois (because I was born in Champaign, IL), and I imagined that she might have even been an Illinette. Turns out I was right about where she attended college.
This is quite different from Hindus saying that their Gods and Goddesses are manifestations of the Infinite Divinity (Satchidananda). This is also the important reason why Hindus should not confuse Monism (Satchidananda) with Monotheism.
Boulder Beer Co
“Why don’t you stay here tonight?”
Police are asking anyone who may have witnessed the accident to contact them as soon as possible.
Bierbrouwerij Sint Christoffel B.V Christoffel Blond
Now, this flies in the face of all those happily married statistics I've seen. And truthfully, these new statistics are quite liberating. There's always been this huge stigma surrounding the never-been-married set -- stereotypes full of spinsters with cats sitting in rocking chairs and knitting their days away or being at the center of neighborhood gossip where kids make up stories about them and the stories become the stuff of legends.
Please join us each week for our Anything Goes linky.
Gladys
from band camp and took her first really hot shower
We sat talking and smoking for a couple of minutes. I became a blabbering fool and basically spilled the beans on not only the evening, but the entire situation. He played the game and told me that I deserve better. That I'm beautiful. That my hair smells amazing. He touched my knee and leaned in to kiss me. I let him and one-upped him by pulling him closer to me. He took me inside and we found a dark corner right outside of the lobby and made out for about a half an hour. I know that he saw me as a vulnerable female - as someone he could probably fuck very easily - but at that moment, I needed what he was giving me...knowing it would go no further.
Paper - scraps
That being said, its raining and cold in Johannesburg so maybe I will go for a run this afternoon after work – I have good intentions don’t I.
As to the matter of legal proceedings, the article, above is not quite accurate. Fakhra’s family sought to prosecute Khar for attempted murder. The case came to trial in 2003. Although four witnesses testified to seeing Khar enter Fakhra’s home on the day of the attack, all later retracted their statements.
Well, if you read this, it may be that you will want to read the articles in full. God Bless!
And the calorie count for this flavor was not bad at all! One serving was 1/3 of the pizza,
And yet, I can’t keep grinding away at work 9 or 10 hours a day and also pursue the freelance. If I stubbornly decided to keep doing both, I’d have to give up the friends. Which, with friends like Mel, Jo, Sarah and Michael, is just not happening.
The Federals opened fire on the city, filled with women and children. This bombardment lasted for several day, but caused little damage. Col Autry was killed in battle on Dec 31 1862 and his body was returned to his home in Holly Springs
95. Have you ever had an idea for which you considered getting a patent? - Not really. All my big ideas are usually social change oriented. I'd need to rule the world in order for them to be implemented.
300 East University Boulevard, Tucson, AZ – 520-551-2053 – www.TheRogueTheatre.org
Before you know it, you're wrackin'em up. One after another and you start thinking to yourself, "Damn. I've said more goodbyes here than I did at home". Total Paris Buzz-kill.
Step or Transition
one. Once they have settled on someone, they usually find someone already working
Instead of the drugs, try taking 2 vitamin E capsules and drink some black tea. Vitamin E reduces inflammation naturally and the black tea reduces muscle soreness.
Many years ago, it was bacon and eggs. But now it’s oatmeal, hands down.
The latest item I am so geeked to bring to my store, is a new range of soap gift packs I'm calling TRIOS. As the name slaps you over the head with - they will be cute gift packs of three goat milk soaps, all featuring a theme. I'm beginning with the seasons and running with it from there. The possibilities are endless. Just choosing suppliers and boxes was enough to make my eyeballs melt. My initial gift pack is for (what else?) spring. It's wishful soaping, ya'll. If I never see another flake of snow, it'll be too soon.
Another blush collection for me from everbilena and for you to check out my post and review about there blush kindly click here this will give information about everbilena cheek blush. So let me show you the how pigmented this one is.
Gloom Uprising – Don Cavalli
13On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates.
“What kind of present my love?” Christian smiled back at her, hovering over her as he lightly stroked her cheek.
TOP 10 DIRTIEST U.S. CITIES
So...since it's Friday, what are you planning for the weekend? We're going to work in the yard some more and celebrate my grandma's 87th birthday. We've been pruning trees and cleaning/raking our landscaping (or lack there of) in hopes of getting a jump on Spring. I'm hoping to actually have time to have more flowers and a bigger garden this year. Cross your fingers for us!
For those of you who don't know, I am a HUGE fan of the Winnie the Pooh franchise. When I was pregnant with my son we didn't know if we were having a boy or girl until he was born, but you know what? It didn't matter. I was going to decorate the nursery with beautifully gender neutral Winnie the Pooh decals regardless.
Warren — who claims to have discovered more than 200 shipwrecks during his career as a treasure-hunter — says that bin Laden’s body is still at that same location, deep under water. His thought is that, since the Navy weighted down the bag, the body hasn’t moved from where it was dropped. He is now trying to rent Russian deep diving equipment to locate his payload, and to conduct DNA tests once he finds him.
very hip!
their residences for the duration of the NATO/G8 Summit scheduled
We live upon the very same earth, we all belong to the same universe but the oceans that separate us have created rifts between us. We once shared the very same home, and although those days have been and gone we were once family and that shouldn’t be forgotten.
Satay or sate is a popular dish weight Southeast Asian countries alike in that Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, southern Philippines and Thailand. Unfeigned ' s fall for that satay ( sate spell Indonesian ) keep originated character Java or Sumatera but some credit that sound was a dish brought by Chinese and or Arab immigrants since Indonesia is predominantly moslem.
Best to be tough. Because if I started howling I wouldn't stop.
2. Bring Life-Long Aspiration to Fruition
-bold and
Your turn!
o do be quiet and listen
An idiot plot (warning: TV Tropes link) is defined as a “Plot that hangs together only because the main characters behave like idiots. A single intelligent move or question by any of the characters, and all problems would be resolved.” This movie is the very definition of an “Idiot Plot”. The characters all act stupid for no reason whatsoever, and Ranjeet (let me repeat that, Ranjeet) is the voice of reason who resolves everything by actually not being an idiot in the whole mess.
There are over 60 showrooms to stick your head into, and three exhibitions, with some massive design names showcasing their work. Knoll, boss design, VITRA, Anglepoise, BoConcept, the list goes on…
I probably made a mistake in rewatching the 1981 film the same day I was going to watch the new one. I was not entirely fair in my judgments of it because I sat there the entire time comparing the two. As a CGI-effects laden action romp, new Clash serves its purpose. It looks great. I've heard there are some issues with the 3D version, but I saw the 2D so I can't comment on that. The costumes looked incredible. Liam Neeson was shiny as a fresh shit, and I really liked Hades' (Ralph Fiennes) charred armor in particular.
Paul prayed three times that the Lord would cause this demonic messenger to depart. The word “depart” means “to stand away from, to get rid of in one decisive and complete act instead of in a long drawn-out process.”
Let me know if you’ve had any good experiences with these kind of mechanics!
For this You loved me again,
It sat out in my garage for a week or so while I decided what to do with it. I finally settled on a pretty blue color from Benjamin Moore (Santa Monica Blue) Yes, I primed the whole thing as I wanted to be sure to cover up those terrible gray "inlays". I also removed the hardware, filled the holes on the doors with wood filler and sanded it all down. I used an oil based paint on this piece as I wanted a durable surface since I planned to use it for serving, etc. Once it was all painted, I also did 2 coats of matte poly to harden it further.
So that's the excitement for today.
When my husband asked what the use was of all my stacks of paper, it was legitimate to say “I don’t know when or why I might need them, but I might.” At least according to Gallup, though I doubt my husband ever bought into this theory.
You can get the weight from the packaging, but I suggest weighing the turkey yourself. The bathroom scales work well for this. Bring them out of the bathroom and place on a sheet of newspaper on your kitchen counter. Place a large plate or tin on the scales and either zero it out or note the weight, place the turkey on the plate and subtract the difference. It is especially important that you weigh the turkey yourself if you add stuffing.
Carmen’s Art Appreciation Journal
Welp, my cute-loving-kind yoga instructor turned yelling drill-sergeant with no excuses last night during cycling.
True Blue is not beautiful. It's gritty and bitter and sensitive and unflinching - both ripped from the headlines and totally unique. The mystery kept me guessing, and the characters kept me up late (even though I should have been sleeping, due to the demon cold virus from hell).
Stephena and Anne Ryan
Yes its true, I took my CA plates off my car yesterday! It was all a rush of emotions! The first thing Andrew asked me when he came home to seeing me putting the new plates on my car was.....are you ok???? In a very concerned tone. I love how he knows me so well. Im sure had it been a different time of the month, I would have been a complete wreck, but I was fine. At least I get to keep my CA plates right! And...I have to think ive got a nice souvenir when I finally move back to CA!
Father, thank You for this reminder, and for making it clear what I’m to share in Sunday’s message. You indeed work all things together for good! Thank You for the recent lessons in patience, trust, and gratitude. Help me continue to apply what You are so faithful to teach me, not only for myself but also for the benefit of all around me. Your grace and blessings are indeed amazing, limitless, and I so often lose sight of that. Help me keep it in focus so that I may be an unpolluted channel for You to flow through to others, for their salvation and Your glory. Thank You. Hallelujah!
But the story doesn't end there. Oh no ...
Where had her birth record gone?!
The next morning, he told me;
When do you clean? I use a 'pick up as you go' method, so it seems like I'm cleaning and picking up all day long sometimes, but it works the best for our family. As for the daily and weekly tasks, I get up early and start a load of laundry, pick up a little here and there, and try to do some cleaning at that point while the house is quiet. My kids help when it's appropriate (pretend vacuum, little dusters, cleaning cloths).
Here's a link to Amazon's own self-publishing guidelines:
It was a soggy boot sale on Sunday. I blame my mother for being the jinx, she asked to tag along on my boot sale trip and I was more than happy to have the company, although I did find it harder to ear-wig the conversations around me with my mum chatting away. It also meant that I really had to look at those stalls I see week in and week out that I rush past....still nothing to be had on the them. We were the second row in when the heavens opened. Out came the tarpaulin to cover stalls and clothes were hastily thrown in the back of cars but I still picked up a couple of bits:
Combine apples, carrots and walnuts. Blend sour cream, lemon juice, powdered sugar, salt and
Prior to dropping him at his truck, in an effort to be cute, I tried writing my cell number on his hand only to discover I was so damn tired I couldn’t remember what my cell number was. He had me call his cell. We parted ways with a long kiss in the parking lot. I hopped in my car and drove away. I’m not sure if I was out of the parking lot before I got a text from him, “Wow” is all it said. When we had been chatting the day before I had asked him what he was looking for and his response was, “I just want to make a connection you know?” So I responded to his text with one of my own, “Click”.
“I have planted, Apollos watered; but God gave the increase. So then neither is he that planteth anything, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase.”
Since leaving university I have had the privilege of being involved in helping develop the complex weave of legislation and public policy necessary for disabled people to live in, and be part of, their community.
There is something decadent and senile about a society obsessed with titties.
What offerings is the LORD looking for? (The LORD is looking for the materials that will be needed for the tabernacle which will be built later.)
And so, back to Pingu…
Or maybe Nintendo wants a bigger challenge. A global reboot of the series could be lucrative. Taking Genius Sonority or maybe even Retro Studios and getting them to rebuild each game from the ground up in breath taking 720p HD for the WiiU. Each release would be a full blown remake with the graphical style of the cancelled Mother 64. The games would use the tablet and other WiiU features, cards and NFC toys could be sold or given out as gifts (Club Nintendo/Pre- order). The remakes would not require massive effort on Shigesato or his team because all of the ground work would already be in place. The games would be massive hits in Japan selling millions and in North America and Europe combined probably a good million or more copies life time.
- Add in the fermented soybean paste and the sweet soybean paste and let it boil.
Under the rule of reason, the finder of fact must determine if the practice at issue is "reasonably within the patent grant, i.e., that it relates to subject matter within the scope of the patent claims." If the practice does not "broaden the scope of the patent, either in terms of covered subject matter or temporally," then the patentee is not chargeable with patent misuse. More specifically, "the finder of fact must decide whether the questioned practice imposes an unreasonable restraint on competition, taking into account a variety of factors, including specific information about the relevant business, its condition before and after the restraint was imposed, and the restraint’s history, nature and effect." Va. Panel, 133 F.3d at 869, quoting State Oil Co. v. Khan, 522 U.S. 3, 10 (1997); see also Monsanto Co., 363 F.3d at 1341.
Gorgeous isn't it!! Thank you Farrah for joining us for this challenge. Please take a moment to visit Farrah's Blog and don't forget to let her know you stopped by.
I had promised to take a pudding and we stopped to buy it, choosing a sticky chocolate and a sticky toffee pudding from the supermarket in Boringland, between here and Norwich. They turned out to be jolly good - each was supposed to serve four, but between four adults, a little girl and a baby, we scoffed the lot. Zerlina and Gus are easy to feed, it has to be said. Little z will eat most things, including vegetables (lots of carrots for preference) and Gus looks to be going the same way. His father had already given him his lunch by the time we arrived, but he accepted bits of carrot and so on to keep us company. He sat on my lap afterwards and tucked into small spoonsful of my pudding with Gusto (see what I did there?)
Gentlemen, on behalf of the members of the Bombay branch of the Gauḍīya Maṭha, let me welcome you all because you have so kindly joined us tonight in our congregational offerings of homage to the lotus feet of the world teacher, Ācāryadeva, who is the founder of this Gauḍīya Mission and is the president-ācārya of Śrī Śrī Viśva-vaiṣṇava Rāja-sabhā—I mean my eternal divine master, Paramahaṁsa Parivrājakācārya Śrī Śrīmad Bhaktisiddhānta Sarasvatī Gosvāmī Mahārāja.
Here is Be Your Bro by Those Darlins. Give it a listen, I think you’ll like what you hear.
Beth: Miles 23-25.5, before the race even started I messed up my Runkeeper app by starting it early. So when I tried to start it again it counted 10 minutes of me standing waiting to start the race. Then somewhere along the lake the GPS decided I was further along than I really was. So this stretch I was missing mile marker signs, trying to decide where I might be in mileage based on my messed up app and losing my mind trying to do math. Ha There was one point I was like “surely I’m almost to mile 23″ and then I went “duh, you already passed that mile marker and SAW the mile marker!” Then in mile 25 I see Ted & Kimberly again! I half hear Ted giving me a motivating pep talk “…..Beth!! You finish this race you started….” Then I almost start hyperventilating because I was about to finish what I started!! I was so close! So I had to hold back my tears, but I loved that motivation at that point!
maybe if we get a ton of entrys whoever was the first to pick the combo in the end that wins can get a freebie? Lets get lots of players!
In Tennessee politicians continue to try and legislate morality, instead of making reality-based decisions to address social problems such as teen pregnancy and STDs, with depressing if predictable results: Tennessee ranks 8th worst in the nation for teenage pregnancy. In fact, states with abstinence-only policies ranked dead last.
How do you “escape,” dear readers?
A shrill scream echoed in the morgue as she saw a naked man lying next to her in dark cold vault like room.
Many of you think of the cherubim upon the human realm as little valentine creatures, cupids with arrows. This is a very sweet interpretation, but—and we have no problem with it—but it is also a misconception, for the cherubim are also the keepers of grace and beauty, of knowledge, of the creation of One. So they often hold the energy of the Creation and assist in the manifestation of that infinite, eternal creation throughout the universe. They do not tend to insert themselves, shall we say, into the areas of human affairs. They are gentle, they are sweet, and they are powerful.
The small niece-child is learning a bit of Spanish at school, which I think is no bad thing. As is the way with these things, it is the purest accident: one of the teachers happens to be Spanish, it's not in the school prospectus. The idea of a school prospectus bewilders me slightly as I'm of that age when you went to your local primary school unless your parents were particularly keen Roman Catapults in which case you went to the nearest R.C. similar. And that was the end of it, none of this trawling through prospectuses, web sites and league tables and poring one's way through the Ofsted reports. Not that I hold much faith in the latter anyway: every school I go past in the course of an ordinary week has a big banner strapped to the front boasting of its Ofsted plaudits ("Sums were enthralling" — Harold Hobsbon). It pisses me off to think that the money schools are spending on Ofsted Plaudit banners could fund a medium-sized county library service book fund for a year.
Jen, you deserve the best birthday EVAH - I hope your day is Tony the Tiger GRRRrrrrrRReat!!!
On the market – Not the most widely available label of the range, but with the St Peter's brand becoming more ubiquitous by the second - the options are always growing. Those options are everywhere from supermarkets, specialist stores and online. Try the brewery's own web shop.
What a truly wonderful blessing to be able to trade a few coins for this priceless memory. It was the best part of the trip.
Maldon Salt and cracked pepper
Unknown (2 salt, 1856)
The Jiriki Kata-Do definition of the three battles of Sanchin leads one to a more comprehensive, eclectic higher state whereby mind-body unification (Zen-Ken-Ichi) is a mere stepping stone. The highest human state is only achieved when the energy of the universe that is external to the human is united and synchronized with the mind-body energy of the human creature. Thus, the inadequate state of Zen-Ken-Ichi should be more completely expressed as Zen-Ken-Kenkon-Ichi, or, “Mind-Body-Universe are one.” Zen-Ken-Kenkon-Ichi is, therefore, a restatement of the three battles of Sanchin advocated by my dynamic ideology of Jiriki Kata-Do.
Instead, it thoughtlessly nominated three panelists and entrusted them with “the responsibility of undertaking a sustained dialogue with the people of J&K to understand their problems and chart a course for the future”. Nothing suggests that the panel will “understand” the “problems” through a few desultory visits to Kashmir and that it’s better placed to suggest a way forward than dozens of recent civil society initiatives. It’s not easy to instil confidence among Kashmir’s widely divergent actors and produce worthy, consensual and practical solutions. In all probability, key groups in the Valley will boycott the panel. Kashmir is indeed the burial ground of countless attempts at mediation.
Hello! I wanted to let all of my paper crafting friends know about a charity I am helping. The name of this group is Operation Priceless. They make care packages to send to children in both Haiti and The Dominican Republic. They box up school supplies for the children, and also include a handmade card with the care package. HERE is the information along with a couple of flyers explaining their needs.
And I'm not ready to do that. In fact, just writing about it makes me feel tired. So hats off to all you indomitable spirits tackling that monumental challenge.
The Sweet ‘n Sassy Digi Challenge ladies are bringing you a Fun Blog Hop for our March Digi Release!!
The radar had in fact latched on to a NATO Tornado fighter jet over the North Sea , which was engaged in a low-flying exercise over the Border district.
He doesn't know that cast iron needs to be heated almost to red heat before welding, and if we wanted to do that up there we'd need to take the roof off. I have another plan, if this one fails, always have a back-up plan...
I had been gripping the steering wheel because of the rain, oh it felt so good to get out of the car for a bit! I took my Bible in and was relieved to just sit and be still for a few minutes. I was reading in 1 Samuel about David and Goliath - David facing scary Goliath with trust in God!!
"You don't have the authority."
(Spoken) Ugh! Yow, RED RYDER
I used this book in my lesson with 2nd grade genre lesson. Lots of good synonyms for the word "big" make for a fun discussion of synonyms and antonyms. The illustrations were vivid and engaging and easy for my students to see, whether in the front row or the back row--and that counts for a lot in a read-aloud setting!
a few fries…
PS if you only want to see Swatches, Just Scroll Down to the Bottom of the post ^_^
21. Why is it automatically assumed that I am a burglar when I wear pantyhose over my face?
To turn a frown formed by petty concerns,
(And Tyler dancing on the table, but that's another tale!)
And, apparently, our plucky, portly little pal, Punxatawny Phil did not see his shadow, which means there will not be six more weeks of winter! Huzzah! I'm sure that makes you guys in the northern tier of the nation feel better, right? That two feet of snow? Didn't happen. Flowers should be blooming any moment now.
Dear Grandpa,
2. I have a B.S. in Psychology, but am returning to school for floral design.
"I'm not that bad of a driver," Rick said, as he mowed down a few more zombies.
I was in the park the other day, and I picked up a large stick. Why I picked up a stick, or what forces took me to that particular stick, or what history put me into a position to be in that particular park at that time, I do not know. I tossed this stick into the air, and the forces of air-pressure, of gravity, and the like, pulled the stick back toward the ground, and it fell upon a small sapling. The question which came immediately to my mind concerns this stick upon this fledgling tree. Is my action of choosing to pick up that stick and throwing it, and the resulting consequence (the sapling being bent beneath a stick) the same, or is it different than, when the wind pulls a rotten branch from a higher part of a tree, and drops the stick upon this same sapling? Is it only natural if the stick arrives upon the sapling if the process is absent of volition?
From: MR.TERENCE P McCULLEY
24.) I Took On The Asbestos Altgeld Gardens Mess - NOT EXACTLY, you were
I could hear the like-Spanish sounds, but again so many more levels
I have many ideas on how we can improve Augusta County. For example, I support immediately beginning a new property assessment and implementing a tax holiday for new small businesses in their first year. I have a proposal on how to lessen the burden of accounting for small business assets, incentives for volunteer fire fighters to increase their ranks, and changing the county budget to a zero based process. I am also in favor of staggering the elections of our Board of Supervisors here in Augusta.
This little group of cretins have also been attacking other veteran Nationalists as spies such as Peter Squire and Steven Greenhalgh, two people who have worked hard for the party and donated very generously to the party over the years never mind being selected as a candidate for the NW Euro List.
In local art fair news, Michael Workman announced on the NOVA Advisory listserv that he will be down there too. Networking, handing out business cards and so on, as we are all wont to do, could any of us afford to go down there.
It was a grand time and as I said, I do believe God heard us and will answer.
4) I don't like clowns much- I get a little freaked, and I feel like I'll cringe at the humour.
anyway, here is my kitchen before: wooden cabinetry, yellow walls, stone backsplash and black granite countertops. some people would love it...it just wasn't my style!
After trying to think of different ways I could get the ball rolling for the brewery, I started looking at industrial units around and about. One was next to an engineering factory - the smells would have tainted the beer. The next closest was over the border in England - about 5 miles over the border.
But God will not be laughing at me when it comes to my holiday. I have done zero per cent planning. I got some great advice from Emily- but apart from that, I don’t know anything else. I plan on printing out a bunch of things and read them on the plane. I hope that’s going to work to my advantage…
Fallout: New Vegas sees you play as The Courier, a… ahem… courier who has his package stolen, is shot in the head and left for dead in a shallow grave. Saved by a passing robot you end up, not only conscious, but looking for revenge.
Here's what 14 metres of fabric looks like wrapped up....
Carey Mulligan plays 16 year-old Jenny convincingly. Jenny is a top high school student aiming for Oxford as she graduates in a few months, an aspiration directed by her protective yet gullible father (Alfred Molina). Oxford is certainly within reach. Jenny is smart, talented, and self-assured. She has all the potentials needed to excel academically and to launch a successful future in life. She loves art, foreign films, classical music, and French pop culture. The city of her dream is, naturally, Paris.
The fact is that religion has driven most of our country's great conflicts and has been the inspiration for most of our progress. The abolitionists and the pro-slavery Southerners, the suffragists and the appalled conservative ministers who railed against them, the Populists of the late 1800s and the High Church business elite who were locked in combat, the Protestant Prohibitionists and the heavily Catholic "wets" who opposed them, the Civil Rights movement of the 1950-'60s and the racist but Bible-beating Southerners who fought them: they have all fought over an impossibly tangled blend of religion and politics.
Something in between dreaming and doing
a man cant hear
Where did this difference of opinion come from? Well it’s obviously not in the definition. Breaks are temporary. That’s self-explanatory. So the fault must lie with the woman. I’m not saying this to be sexist. It’s just true. A lot of women blow things out of proportion just to create drama. (Some don’t, but allow me to generalize for a moment. I will try to refrain from inclusive statements.)Why do you think reality TV is still on the air? Men don’t care about that crap!
We went there and lodged a complaint with the kind police officer Mr. Chikke Gowda and left. As per Mr. Chikke Gowda’s advice we returned to the police station after about 1 hour and spoke to another officer Mr. Basha, took an acknowledgement and returned home. However, this acknowledgement will be useful to ONLY claim our insurance and NOT from the other party’s insurance. (The first complaint / acknowledgement given by Mr. Chikke Gowda was torn up).
When King Emmanuel sends Prince Josiah on a difficult journey to various castles across the kingdom, the young prince is unprepared for the dangers and temptations that he will face. As Josiah grows in the knowledge of his King and strives to become like him, he learns the importance of following his Book and listening for the voice of the Dove. Book 2 of the delightful Terrestria allegory series challenges the reader to examine his/her relationship with the King.
During our normal “potato bug patrol” today, almost as if on cue, I noticed a new form of leaf damage on one of the plants. Not sure what it is yet, but I’m sure another “save da tapoes” intervention is going to be required soon…
As I approach the school parking lot, I see the sign: “No Busses.” Guess the administrators don’t want Mom kissing Johnny goodbye when she drops him off in the morning. And after Mom drives away, they don’t want Johnny sneaking a peck with Jenny.
AFP/Washington
...His album output slowed in the 1990s, and eventually he stopped releasing albums altogether. In 1993 he and four members of the Afrika '70 organization were arrested for murder. The battle against military corruption in Nigeria was taking its toll, especially during the rise of dictator Sani Abacha. Rumors were also spreading that he was suffering from an illness for which he was refusing treatment. On 3 August 1997, Olikoye Ransome-Kuti, already a prominent AIDS activist and former Minister of Health, stunned the nation by announcing his younger brother's death a day earlier from Kaposi's sarcoma which was brought on by AIDS. More than a million people attended Fela's funeral at the site of the old Shrine compound. A new Africa Shrine has opened since Fela's death in a different section of Lagos under the supervision of his son Femi Kuti...
Grandparents Plus aims to fight this injustice through our Keep Families Together campaign. Our research shows that when deciding where children should be placed local authorities often give greater weight to the ‘permanency’ of adoption instead of recognising the love, stability and family links that grandparents and other family carers can provide. Families are being torn apart because adoption is seen as the default option.
- In Logan County, Colorado, USA, it is still illegal to kiss a woman while she is asleep.
From the parking area head in SW direction across the slickrock to the rim of the canyon. From there, follow the carins toward the rock ledge and look for a boulder near the edge of the canyon rim- you will enter the canyon by passing between the boulder and the wall of the canyon. The hike is about 1/2 mile round-trip.
Tia was diagnosed with breast cancer on September 22nd, 2010. She's already had her 1st surgery and the bills will start rolling in. Her current financial situation could mean that further neccessary surgeries may be postponed. Please help by either donating directly to her fundraiser
Grandpa? He never calls. My grandma sometimes calls if it’s been more than a week since she’s talked to me and she’ll leave a message asking me to call right away. I always call and it’s always something like:
And I have now heard that Bishop John Hine, (below right) Catholic auxiliary bishop of Southwark is joining the vigil at Marie Stopes abortion facility, Brewer Street, Maidstone, Kent ME14 1RV, on Friday, 27th April 2012, the 44th aniversary of the Abortion Act. Bishop Hine is celebrating the 12.30 Mass at St. Francis's Church, Week Street, Maidstone. He is then joining in the vigil which begins with a prayerful and peaceful procession with an image of Our Lady of Guadalupe to the Marie Stopes Clinic and concludes with a return procession at 2.30 p.m. This event is organized by Helpers of God's Precious Infants, an international pro-life group founded by Msgr. Philip Reilly under the direction of Bishop Thomas Daley of New York. Its main apostolate is prayer vigils at abortion facilities.
Nottingham has a very large teaching hospital called the Queens Medical Centre. Gail works there. Not as a doctor or nurse, but as a receptionist on one of the wards. She enjoys her job, organising the patients files, liaising with doctors, porters and ambulance staff and all the other tasks that admin staff undertake besides answering the telephone. There is a bit of patient contact too, which Gail loves to do, as she is such a caring and thoughtful person.
Honestly, it is strange to me that a film like this couple become the highest grossing Bollywood film of all time, but after reading up a little on it, it made more sense. For one, Aamir Khan is apparently a marketing machine. He's already certainly a recognizable face worldwide with some talent to back it up. Couple this with the highest ticket prices ever for such a film (especially in India), and perhaps some negative (which becomes positive) attention from an author claiming he was under-credited for the story, and you have lines of people coming to see it. (Read about that controversy here.)
Below is the IP address of a regular visitor to joejolly’s Internet connection. Joejolly decided, after the IP address became a regular visitor, to see who this regular visitor is and perhaps what is its mission?
Howdy to all out there in bloggy land:) I was planning on having this drawing this morning, but as always real life interfered a bit.
In a small bowl combine the eggs, cream and grated cheese and whisk to combine.
As far as I am aware, and accordingly my working assumption, is that there were no Blacks (Xhosa's, Zulu's et al) in the Cape when the Dutch (whites) arrived in the Cape. The first blacks, the whites came across, in their treck East were the blacks in the Eastern Cape, beyond the Fish River.
What do I mean by this? I believe that in the course of learning a new language, you have two tasks with each new word. You must memorise the word. What is the actual word? Is it “nomimasu” or “yomimasu”? Once you have memorised the word – you know how the word sounds – you can focus on meaning. I understand that this word is “nomimasu” and now I need to remember that this is what I do to water, or juice or beer.
‘The power which imposes the levy is ridiculous, and he thus performs an absurd miracle to show how unimportant the power is. The miracle displays the complete indifference of Jesus to the king, the temple authorities, etc. Catch a fish – any fish – and you will find the coin in its mouth. We find once again the typical attitude of Jesus. He devalues political and religious power. He makes it plain that it is not worth submitting and obeying except in a ridiculous way.’
ball by cupping your hands gently around it. Apply a light downward pressure to the sides, while simultaneously rotating the dough continuously in a steady clockwise direction. Continue until the dough is formed into an even round shape. This recipe specifies an extended chafing time. To tell you the truth, I have no idea what this does for the dough, but I did end up with a nice round ball that held its shape well even when rolled. I will definitely use this technique again.
He wasn’t ready to receive the gospel until he realized he couldn’t save himself. Those sailors were not ready to obey the Word of the Lord through Paul until they had exhausted both the possibilities and themselves during that 14-day period.
...Each person who has punched a clock will wait until 11 tonight, when the six winning balls are picked, and hope that the boss, called so many bad words under breath for years, will be called far worse loudly and over an intercom. Then the boss can be punched.
I have studied the intricacies of the Liberal Democrats for some time, and there many fascinating questions which still remain unanswered. Indeed, when we consider the dramatic changes which lie ahead and realise that events beyond their control will force them to reassess the very fundamentals of their beliefs and the principles which they have based their whole existence on, there is only one thing we can be really sure of.
Tanith Lee
This Sunday, I just want to show you some Steampunk art,
If new industries and new residents with income are going to take a chance on cities that can’t offer what cities on the rise can, it will take something dramatic to attract them. However, this scale of public goods can’t be afforded by cities on their own – it needs support from state and Federal government. With loans, revenue-sharing to support new services, and Federalization of existing social services, Federal and state governments help shape the entire course of urban development.
This book looks at the lives of biblical characters and what it was about them, their attitude, faith and actions that made them extreme followers of God. I hesitate to say Christian because some of these people are Old Testament people.
and your chance to bear a son of man?
I woke up at 3:15 AM feeling pretty miserable (did I mention that I'm whiny too when I'm sick?), so I thought I'd post the photos from Artfest instead of just being annoyed that I'm not sound asleep.
“Da Misfit refusedda pizza offer I made to him. And I even brokea into a chorus of “That’s Amore” too.”
"Collecting evidence had gotten old a few hundred bullets back. I was already so far past the point-of-no-return I couldn't remember what it had looked like when I had passed it." And sometimes, gloriously, the writing goes on an extended trip around Planet Strange and explodes through cheese and corn into something that defies rational explanation:
Fold four 18-inch-long pieces of foil in half; unfold and coat inside with cooking spray.
Setting one off on the road
Along those lines, I've stopped reading any and all pregnancy, baby, and motherhood books and websites. And, honestly? Sometimes I wish I still had an assistant to screen my email. For anyone who has felt the need to impress upon me how essential their birth coaches or lamaze classes or parent groups or diets or breastfeeding theories are slash were slash will totally be for me (in romantic and overly passionate bordering on obsessive tones), I say to you. I SAY TO YOU.
Floats come as a scoop of ice cream in a cup. You add your own soda. Which is annoying because you have to stand at the fountain forever, trying to not make a mess.
It’s New Peasantry
Page Technique: It’s on hotpressed watercolor paper, with a splash grey watercolor in the background. I literally just colored it just to have a color on it. I scrawled math all over it in sharpie, paint pen, and regular pen. Over all that I wrote the first 17 or so numbers in the Fibonacci series in a grey pen I found in my desk. I made the 07, 8, 1, and 3 with computer paper, black paint pen, orange highlighter, and a white gel pen. Then I wrote a really poorly written poem I had from a year or two ago.
This week we are the proud papas and mamas of literally over a 100 baby mealworms!!
Sometimes not.
So, yeah, I have a gun on when I'm at home because I'm lazy.
Acts 8:9-25 tell us of Simon the magician and how he went from being a somebody great to being a nobody when he was baptized and started believing and being with Philip. He was enamored with the power of God. He once proclaimed himself to be someone great and now he realizes that he is nothing without God.
The dresses are categorized into New Arrivals, Casual, Occasion, Traditional, Luxury, Limited Edition, and Nightwear. For many of these categories, I’m not really sure how they are distinguished (it’s not by price). For instance, my two cotton dresses were under “Occasion,” and the polka-dot viscose one was under “Traditional.” To me it would make more sense to combine Casual, Occasion, and Traditional (simply because I don’t see the actual dresses in those categories really falling into any one in particular), and also combine Luxury and Limited Edition. Nightwear and New Arrivals stand on their own of course. I do like the way the site is organized in general, and how you don’t have to go to multiple pages within a “category” but can see all the dresses at once, and I like the other features like the wish list, but it did get confusing sometimes trying to find a dress I saw before when I couldn’t guess which category it belonged in.
Mark 8:16
I remember it very well, when I was in my twenties and thirties. People who were fifty-plus? Ancient. Out of touch. From a completely different era. Planet, even. They cannot possibly relate to me and my experience. They are old.
This weekend was "spring cleaning" weekend. Or at least it was to me. I bet if you had asked the Attorney General on Friday morning, "Hey, Attorney General, what do you think your weekend will be termed?" He would have said, "I think it will be called college-basketball-and- driving-range-weekend." And we would have laughed and laughed. He would have been laughing at how fun his weekend sounded and how it would look cute on a bumper sticker and I would have been laughing at how simple-minded he looked when he was optimistic.
On Sunday
It has to be essentially the most amazing criminal timepieces ever produced, as it will take care of shooting what you really are Spying on and creating it. You can also have a few still shots with it. All you have to do is demand the watch for 3 working hours and you’re simply completely ready in your latest work.
Everest was a giant 15 foot tall muddy quarter pipe that we had to run up. After I stretched out my calves I ran up it and barely made it with the help of a stranger. I biffed it on the other side though where it was about a 60 degree slope into a thin layer of hay.
Enjoy episode 12!
YANP: Wednesday, you have James McVinnie. Who did you come to be aware of him and come to getting him for the festival?
"...But if it's becoming more of a liability than an asset for the operation in question, and the agents of that growing vulnerability (e.g., missiles, drones) suggest a new era is dawning, then you pay attention. Otherwise you risk Norm Augustine's nightmare coming true ("In the year 2054, the entire defense budget will purchase just one aircraft."): the military that becomes so expensive you can only afford one of anything – like the newest supercarrier (Gerald R. Ford) that rings in at $13-15B when all the bells and whistles are accounted for. It may be the only one the US Navy can ever afford to build, and a couple of DF-21Ds could send it to the bottom of the ocean - their many-and-cheap against our one-and-absurdly-expensive.
Job 33:25 His flesh shall be fresher than a child’s: he shall return to the days of his youth.
But Youngest was just right. As she grew she slept still and sound and snuggled in a ball without pinching or poking or sticking herself to either of the parents. And the parents were happy and everyone got lots of sleep.
Sports & Outdoors Product Reviews Blog ITRB (sportsoutdoorsitrb.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
This is easily the most pleasant beer surprise I've had in a while. Well...beer tasting surprise; the Penn revival noted below was pretty damned pleasant (as was the Yuengling Porter discovery that I still have to write about). But this is about the flavor.
Can you see me?
I’m not sure where this stuff comes from. Who said Christians aren’t the ones who ‘love people’? I think the only problem right now is that there are a bunch of important people who are trying to convince the world that Christians don’t love all sorts of people. I serve in a church, I have for the past 12 years or so, and I have never met a single person in any of the churches I have served who has hated any of the above groups mentioned. In fact, I have found it to be quite the opposite: We tend to love the sinners more than we do one another. The problem that Christians have is not that we don’t love the sinners–oh, we are only too eager to do that!–our problem is that we don’t love one another. Calvinists battle with Arminians. Lutherans battle with Baptists. Pre-tribbers battle with A-tribbers. Instrumentalists battle with non-instrumentalists. Emergents battle with, well, everyone else. Catholics battle with Protestants. Free-willers battle with Sovereign Gracers. It is a rather sickening cycle and truth, but i
Jerel Law has set out to do something similar. No doubt spurred on to write the "Son of Angels" series because of the popularity of magic series like J. K. Rowlings' Harry Potter and Rick Riordan's Olympians, Law has begun a series of magical beings, only instead of good and bad witches or the traditional Greek gods and demigods, he's created an epic battle between good and evil by using God's angels and Satan's minions, centering the action around two siblings who are both descendants of fallen angels. SPIRIT FIGHTER is the first of this series, and I had the opportunity to review a copy direct from Thomas Nelson publishers.
I'll rue the day I step
No street crossings, and the only thing on the block is the school, so
When the tides of life turn against you
So, yeah, while I may lunge out my window and offer a less than appropriate hand gesture, or spew epithets in their general direction, it's not as though I'm actively sabotaging them, or sending them envelopes full of Anthrax, and that's gotta count for something, right?
But the bar is set much higher in Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee and Kentucky. The Sixth Circuit has ruled in Monette v. Electronic Data Systems Corp., 90 F.3d 1173 (6th Cir. 1996), that a plaintiff’s disability must be the “sole reason.”
Next I printed a recent photo of the girls from their graduation dress shopping day. Teens love their photos of friends so I know the girls will appreciate these cards. I just reduced the size of a square Instagram in my printer settings and printed 2 photos on one 4 x 6 piece of photo paper. Ack, so cute!
The team was also boosted by the appearance of both British National Party MEPs, Nick Griffin and Andrew Brons, who took an active part in the town centre outreach.
I also feel like my dreams have are being delayed, or that people don't believe in the things i want to accomplish
I really enjoyed having my family--kids and grandkids--gathered here for Christmas. Because of our varied and hectic work schedules that doesn't happen every year, so it was extra special. One of my favorite moments was one of the days after Christmas. Because of the snow we were housebound, and we were gathered in the living room around the fire. The Kid picked up his guitar and started playing and pretty soon, everyone in the room had one of the instruments from Baby M's rhythm band set and we were all singing along. It was great.
So if all dramatic art is essentially just a sex scene, what's the difference between eroticism and pornography?
Prosecutors have secured the third execution date in more than a decade for an Amarillo man convicted in the 1998 killings of three Amarillo teens, according to court records.
There was also this cool running dragon. Cool but awkward to run with, right?
I worked as Food Roots’ first intern last year, and it was an amazing experience. You can find the full description and application on the website or by clicking here. I highly encourage you to apply! I’m happy to help with any inquires about the position. Just email slowfooduo@gmail.com if you want some application help or more information.
Practice as much as you can now—you only get less time later in life. If you get married, have kids, et cetera, forget about practicing three hours a day. Don’t procrastinate on practicing.
Check this out: a ¼ cup serving provides:
At the end I came to a tiny marker that simply said. Love RIP.
Easter was a busy weekend and was our first real test of dealing with large numbers of people. It was a great success, with a band and an easter saturday BBQ a real hit with the locals and tourists.
"I will."
Executions in Texas, the nation’s most active death penalty state, and other states with capital punishment are on hold pending the outcome of a U.S. Supreme Court review of lethal injection procedures. Arguments in that case, initiated by two death row inmates in Kentucky, are set for early next year and a decision is expected before summer.
"His basket is bigger than mine!"
We filled our plates and adjourned to the table to enjoy the bounty. Things were going along swimmingly for about 15 minutes, when suddenly T.A. began to feel unwell. The "bounty" wasn't agreeing with him at all. Now in addition to the sore throat, he had an upset stomach. He left the table to go lie down on the same sofa that Maddie had just vacated. M-t-G just nibbled at her food (no joke intended!). Ratchlet still had a scrunched up, pinched look, meaning her head still hurt. Not a good sign....nope, not going well at all! None of them were seriously ill, so I wasn't actually worried, but it was kind of a downer, ya know?
Pat Morley reminds us that we need a ministry aimed at men because, very often, men are the problem. But they are also the solution.
It seems we’ve been tagged in a post from some friends of ours, The Dogs of Beer. They want to know a bit more about us, so you get to learn a little more too! Without further ado, I give you the opportunity to learn a little more about the both of us!
The Radical Homosexuals infiltrating the United States Congress have a plan: Desensitize/Indoctrinate an entire generation of American children with pro-homosexual propaganda and eliminate traditional morals/values from American society.
5. Thermoreactive clothing
(Debbie was obviously off buying things from underneath our noses again....)
This was a big night for us. We're usually in bed by 9:00 and up by 4:20. The concert started at 8:00 and ended at 11:00. Then we had to drive 30 minutes to the other side of town because we're dogsitting. We got home around 12:30. We got up at the usual time so we could run over to let our furry grandchildren out. I think I'm ready for a nap and it's only 8:12 a.m.!
Scarf - Christmas gift (from Target)
Anyyyyywaaaay - so far we've looked at lots of ways one might choose a significator - some complicated and others very simple.
Are you calling out for me?
without leaving
GC: Did you know anything about Hancock or the Civil War before the movie?
Michael L. Collins, 38, Montclair, N.J.
But...you must watch the video yourself!
Back with NEW product! I'm so excited to share the new Wishing On A Star line. We have a collection of not just stamps but stickers and papers and glitter....Oh My! So many wonderful new things. The new line of glitter is simply AMAZING! It's NOT JUST glitter it has a bit of Flower Soft mixed in which gives it such a wonderful texture. It's not like anything you've seen before. We have two colors: Hint of Violet and Hint of Green.
First of all, you’re not alone. Everybody is a Pharisee, whether they cop to it or not. You’re ahead of the game by admitting it!
- little dewdrop gems in the centres of three of the flowers - added later
"The drop in birth rates translates to over 108 million less births a year,” continued Myers. “Psychologically, that’ll have devastating effects on societies. In a matter of five years, the set of people below 14 years of age will drop by almost 40% - over 700 million people – nearly twice the population of the United States. The proportion aged 65 years and above will nearly double. In short, this will be the biggest crisis we’ve ever faced. As for the cause, we don’t know anything for sure, but there’s no evidence to show it’s a disease."
When I saw Mabel as she's now affectionately called, I did deliberate for a time wondering where on earth I would put her, what I would use her for, what colour would I paint her etc etc. I decided against her - walked to the car where hubby and the boys' were sat playing with various phones, electronic devices etc. Having already named Mabel in the shop, I explained my dilemma to them - their first question was 'who is Mabel?' followed by 'what do you want a trolley for?' Hubby already realises that there are some questions you just don't ask, and sometimes it's just easiest to say - 'get it, and think about it later'.
Be sure to visit on Saturday for our new challenge!
But seriously, I would be a surrogate for her. I'd have to talk Jason into it, but if Jenni could afford the invetro and everything, I would totally carry her baby. And not just because I could turn to her friend and say, "NOW who's the best bridesmaid, bitch?" Being a mother has been the greatest thing that has ever happened to me, and I would gladly help someone else experience that.
We just had a long pause, but The Power of Silent Wisdom is up and running again… and I am happy to say that we are almost ready to publish issue 10. Like we have said, on our Facebook Page and on Twitter, Leyla, the horse in spirit, will speak about 2012 this time. Her message is powerful and will make your heart do some extra cartwheels, I assure you that. And so it happened that also Betty, a beautiful dolphin soul from Hawaii, talked about year 2012 - and added some extra inspiring words about opening your heart.
toasted flatbread
Trader Joe's veggie mix which includes chopped carrots, cabbage, celery, peppers and other veggies too. Top veggie mix with balsamic vinegar, Dijon mustard and a few dashes of Frank's red hot sauce for a 0 point delicious snack or appetizer.
What's the matter with Charlie doing it?
Add cornstarch mixture and stir till soup thickens and is smooth.
One of the signs of our civilization's downfall is that people no longer know how to walk. Three-quarters of them have their faces buried in some sort of hand-held device and the final quarter are pushing strollers the size of a Russian T-34 tank.
my lovely buddy Sandra has made her first foray in the world of Altered Art....pop over HERE and share some Altered Art love. Before I've had time to draw breath or for this old body to recover...Fiskars are already planning the next show...I'll be back at the NEC in March (22nd-25th) for another 4 days of Fun Workshops...blimey my old bones are creaking at the thought but hey ho I have 5 months to get fighting fit again...in the meantime it's going to be a "nail those demo samples" for Saturday kind of a day...no prizes for guessing that the brand new DI's will be getting their first outing....catch up with all tomorrow with hopefully some crafty creations.
Live and learn from fools and
Trembling, the woman flung her hand out, grasping the hem/fringe of Jesus’ garment. Immediately, Jesus stopped in His tracks, halted by a release of His power from her grasp of faith.
get you that freedom
Sleep in our eyes, her and me at the breakfast table
Hi ESSers!
Fried Pickles - April 7
Best Editing: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
Once all of that was blended, but not overmixed, I separated the batters. One batter had 2 T of unsweetened cocoa and 1 cup of miniature marshmallows added to it, and the other batter had 1/2 cup of miniature chocolate chips added. I greased 6 medium sized mugs and layered the batters in each mug to about 2/3 of the way full. I put them on baking sheet and cooked for about 20 minutes. Watch to be sure they don't overcook because of the marshmallows which could burn easily.
There's a church near where I live. It's a nice church, the kind with big signs outside saying "JESUS SAVES" which is totally zeitgeisty given our current economic woes and the fact that everyone is looking for savings wherever they can. Only, it turns out the church isn't offering a discount on tithes which means "JESUS SAVES" is totally false advertising and it should come with an asterisk beside it then "but not your money" in tiny letters at the bottom and I think the church should just quit it with the sneaky but I don't care because I've got a pogo stick.
Harrell Fletcher (7 sets of pigmented inkjet prints, 2005)
Who has not seen a million times - the Super Bowl commercial 6G, the Justin blurbs Daily Show appearances, and all the imitations? Use the most and plan to have guests make their own copies. Along with more traditional party supplies, Justin Bieber, throw a wig or two, and some clothes (that tweens chosen as the most similar to those actually used). Rock Star deliver some inflatable microphones, available online from the new rush to get out a lot of Justin Bieber party supplies. Rock stars in the making routine can make a karaoke style or done a capella song, or just a pantomime costume. G is likely to bring their own cameras or video cameras these days. Awards for the most beautiful, the strangest and most fun. Grammy Award Plan for each interpreter. This show could rival the new 3D Biebs own success!
"The tremendous activity and excitement in craft distilling has been increasing year-by-year," said Bill Owens, president of the American Distilling Institute. "Customers are looking to smaller producers for unique and more authentic spirits. Clearly, American craft distillers are only getting started, and this paper points to how far they can go.”
... but as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord! Joshua 24:15b
I don't have them all figured out yet...but through this exercise I have discovered what my resolution for next year will be...12 trips over the 12 months of 2011. Like a road trip every month. Could be anything - a big trip, a little weekend jaunt, even a day away.
come love me again.
The humble sandwich has been elevated in recent years and it’s a trend that we applaud. Choice ingredients, house-made sauces and breads and creative combinations can make a big difference. Kay Bob’s is hitting the sandwich market with a restaurant just across the street from Vanderbilt Medical Center. It’s run by the owners of Pizza Perfect, which is located next door.
As an alternative, bring flip flops or water shoes, and make the hike back to the beginning of the river and float it a second time. due to the curvature of the river, the hike back to the beginning amounts to only about 1/2 a mile. Do not attempt this walk without shoes, as the burning hot parking lots will burn your feet. Believe me, I’ve tried.
It then so happened that on the day before our shoot she was also shooting with an artist whose work inspires me Rebecca Parker and Rebecca kindly invited me along to the shoot she was having with Ella Rose.
something needs to stay in its original state
In Atlanta, Charlie Cortez MD diagnoses his mistress with an unknown neurodegenerative disease that is inducing violent and bloody psychosis. The apparent cause? Consumption of infected human flesh…
The first several shots take place at the Exton Barnes & Noble, where K.M. Walton brought a number of area YA and children's book writers together for what was a genuinely good time. We're all together in that first shot—K.M. Walton, Elisa Ludwig, Amy Garvey, E.C. Myers, Monica Carnesi, Ame Dyckman, Dianne Salerni, and me. And then there's Ame (who got a fantastic New York Times Book Review assessment of her Boy + Bot just last week), Elisa, and Eugene.
He popped off the top and took a long swallow, then let out a grateful sigh. “Pool makes me thirsty, thanks. And no, I don’t own this place, but your parents do and they like me.”
While it is easy to criticize the online model, with its myriad dropouts and technical challenges, it promises to radically democratize a traditionally elitist and anti-democratic model. It even promises to educate its students better than the traditional university does. Whether you find this change exhilarating or frightening, there is no denying that something has to give. Student loan debts now exceeds even credit card and auto loan debt. The old model for higher education threatens our livelihoods and cannot continue unchanged. The future of our economy and our nation depends on radical transformation.
His comment piqued my interest, and I needed more information. Last night I emailed him with a question:
One day while driving to a restaurant five minutes from our home, my husband listened along with me. And in that short time, he was enthralled.
How can we send policy makers out into the world without ensuring that they have a full understanding of how urban policy has impacted urban communities of color? How can we do this and claim to be a social justice institution? The Obama Administration was supposed to shine a new light on urban policy in America, but the President’s urban policy efforts seem to be going nowhere fast. As a heterodox and social justice-oriented institution and program, we should not be constrained by what’s hot right now. Of course there is the reality of offering programs and courses based on demand. I’m not challenging that, but what I am saying is that Milano should not just be driven by consumer demand, it should encourage students to engage issues that are overlooked in the popular policy discourse. Milano needs to have a greater emphasis on race, class, and what’s going on in communities of color across the city.
Because of their otherworldly loveliness, and the way they made familiar woods seem completely alien, bluebells have an ancient and somewhat sinister place in folklore. Bluebell woods were regarded as portals to fairyland where unwise aesthetes could be trapped between worlds—or children could be stolen outright.
18By these three was the third part of men killed, by the fire, and by the smoke, and by the brimstone, which issued out of their mouths.
Bleed For Me – Dead Kennedys
SIX STRANGERS + ONE DINNER PARTY = A CHANCE TO WIN UP TO £7,000!!
I hope you understand why I did it. I hope you know that I had nothing but the best intentions, that I wanted to record it all somehow, before it was gone forever.
RUEF C. Detection of Influenza transmission to healthcare workers – Learning from the SARS “Era”. Infection 2006; 34: 189.
Preheat over to 400°F. Pat your fish dry and sprinkle salt lightly on both sides. In a new bowl melt your butter and add Panko, cheese and pepper. Mix lightly with a fork. With your hands take mixture and press the mixture lightly onto the fish. Bake for 10-15 minutes until topping is golden and fish is firm, but not till the fish is dry. Smaller pieces will be ready sooner so adjust time accordingly.
09 Fille Qui Mousse - Cantate Disparate
Priyanka Chopra is one of those female actors in Bollywood who could carry the success of a movie on her shoulders. The former Miss World had a rocky start in the industry but with time, she proved her mettle and is highly sought after for those good looks and sharp acting.
Our current challenge, Things with Wings (for kids) is open until April 6th at noon CST, so there is plenty of time to make and link a card for chances at great prizes and/or our Top Three. So come join in the fun and after you do, please consider sending in the card to cheer one of our kids in a children's hospital. All the details you need to know are under the tabs above. But you do not need to send in the card to enter our challenges.
My girls absolutely love every detail from the handmade flower to the bakers twine shoe bows, but I think its a bit ugly - without being sure it is in the "pretty ugly" category. Maybe its the mismatched eyeballs or the idea that mummy wrappings would ever come in 80's pink and lime green, whatever is up with this card it has left me a bit unsettled and wondering who I could give it to. Perhaps a frienemy?
A court battle waged by various lobby groups to interdict the implementation of the Gauteng tolling regime is scheduled to resume today after a judge ruled that the matter was urgent.
traverse the surface and shiver
The Brooklyn Standard? This article makes it seem like a positive example of public relations. The Times itself dismissed the Brooklyn Standard in a 9/3/05 article headlined "O.K., the Whole Paper Is Basically an Ad."
This gold was documented into accounts through the Swiss Commercial Bank Union Bank of Switzerland, placed under protection of the Swiss Attorney General, registered through the Swiss National Bank into the Bank for International Settlements International Collateral Combined accounts and then from within the BIS, blocked to form the Institutional Parent Registration Accounts of the Federal Reserve System.
The highlight of the book for me was the final chapter in which Tomalin tells us how the diaries went undiscovered for so long and how it wasn’t until the 1970s that they were published in full. I just found it amazing that they sat in a book shelf un read for so long.
1. Post 10 New Blessings each day for one calendar year.
Click on the photo above to take you my Flickr set of photos from the gardens.
You know what, this “empty jars” encounter (miracle) may never happen again in this world. God is super creative. He can reach and help all of us, in any way He chooses.
Peronism:
As a candidate, Barack Obama once endorsed a ban on handguns and favored restrictions on the purchase and possession of firearms. So when gun owners heard of Operation Fast and Furious, many feared the worst.
- Unfortunately, the entries that won't follow the rules will be cancelled and won't be entering the draw for the Magnolia secret prize, neither won't they be picked as Top 5 or Guest DT spot.
I don't work for a Fortune 500 company but I can damned sure bet you that my health benefits are going to go out the window when our contract is up.
Lastly…
an underestimated impression.
Hello fans! I have been so super busy which is so awesome! :) Today I am working on some new ideas, and again some fan inspired pieces. I had a wonderful fan ask if I could make a crochet handbag for little girls for easter dresses, etc. She even sent a link to what she was looking for. This was great because I had been thinking of creating something along the same lines. Today I'm working on the prototype for the spring girls bag. I'm so excited!
Last summer, I tried to read A Passage to India. It was a shame that I had two E. M. Forsters lying around but I had read none. Plus, Bangladesh and India have a shared history, and there’s no way I will miss reading a book about the colonial period in India and imagining being in the shoes of Gandhi passing comments on the book. But, getting past the first chapter was a challenge; I am not too fond of books that spend too much energy on describing a city instead of subtly weaving these descriptions into the story, and A Passage to India dedicates its entire first chapter to descriptions of the city. All of that changed in Dr Erin’s class.
*Embellishments: white embossing powder
The lack of music in this short is very effective, the confession of the subject is compelling and is enhanced through the emotional listener in the film. During the middle the loving side of the convict is slowly revealed as he recalls his holding his child as a baby.
I know this former haustedness
Don’t waste spare cash you have left over from the move. Hoard it. Stay away from credit cards and credit in general. Live within your means, it will surprise you what a weight is off your mind not having the debt you had in SA (you will have other worries to contend with)
So far, my piano playing has improved. I’ve already noticed that I learn new tunes faster when I work on them everyday and not every other day. Or waiting for the weekend to hammer through the new music. As for my personal project, it is ahead of schedule. I even decided to put in extra features because of it.
Sentiment - Pink by Design - Summer Vacation stamped in Staz-on Timber Brown
Steve Martin (All of Me, The Lonely Guy)
I'm not where I will be, but I'm not where I was. I am excited to see where God is taking my family and so thankful that He has brought us closer to each other as we have drawn closer to Him.
My desktop is full of pictures and ideas for blog posts.
d) could lyrically relate to your life…possibly
That raw emotion you only feel in those Godly moments.
* Learn something new today ~ build synapses
Sunday a lifetime of not quitting was broken. There is no celebration of a PB, no feeling of satisfaction for all the hours of training I put since November, no medal, no cheers, nothing.
Why must we go on hating?
TNA Reaction showcasing The Motor City Machineguns winning the Best of 5 series last week. That was such an awesome moment, and it certainly put both teams over as 2 of the best teams in the world. I myself wouldn’t mind seeing Motor City Machineguns defending their tag straps against The World’s Greatest Tag Team. What are you waiting for TNA, sign Benjamin and Haas.
While my parents are vacationing in Spain and Portugal along together with my god-parents, I am going to record down every single thing I cook or bake, whenever I possibly can that is.
Let me start at the beginning.
And if she does beat Couric in the ratings for one day, every right-wing media outlet will shout SUCK IT LIBRULS!! in one voice.
The next day I had to return to London to interview Michael Cunningham in the Purcell Room at 4pm. The gods were against me; vandalism on the line meant all trains to London from Leeds were cancelled. A saintly man at Harrogate station reorganised my train times. 'I'm on stage at the South Bank in front of hundreds of people!' I said, self-importantly. 'Are you a comedian?' he asked, which made me laugh.
HOW: If you would like to donate in-kind items listed above, please contact Laura Kelso, director of community resources, at (323) 254-2274, ext. 251 or e-mail lkelso@hillsides.org
P90X has definitely helped my endurance and strength...and this was good evidence of that for me. Cool beans. And..yes...it still sucked. Just not quite as bad. When I was done, I rested a bit then did the rest of KenpoX (punching, kicking, blocking). That was a serious crazy double workout for the day...1698 calories according to heart rate monitor. Yowsa!
My husband keeps saying its okay, but deep down inside I know he wants a child of his own. It’s all he talked about when we first were dating, before he became sick. Now he just says its okay we have our nieces and nephews, but deep down; even though he does not express it, I know he wants a child of his own.
John Akomfrah’s investigation into the mentality of immigration uses Homer’s The Odyssey as a structuring device and sits somewhere between documentary, film essay and cine-poem. It’s daring, original and shot through with incredible intellectual rigour. Destined for the subject of post-film, caffeine-fuelled debate.
This is what my design wall looks like these days - I love how bright and colorful and full of different blocks it is. I'm simultaneously working on 3 different quilts, plus that lonely teapot block really needs to be finally used in some project. I've never worked on so many quilts at once before and I'm enjoying it a lot.
By participating in the Promotion, you agree to be bound by these Official Rules and represent that you satisfy all of the eligibility requirements below.
Many people fought with me over logistics and tryed to ‘make me be normal’ according to the hetero-normative scale AND the Gay-Scene rules. I was called a closet-Transsexual, I was told I made no-sense, and many other mislabeling or insulting commentary. It was freeing for me to be able to explain it in one term instead of trying to explain it all in description. Most people are more accepting of a concept if they can name it.
Like I said: I do what I feel.
According to the web site, "we’ll read through as much of your feedback as possible and post a summary of what you had to say a few days after the video is posted."
So we don't. And they molder on library shelves, relics to forget about.
This tutorial is fantastic! I ended up using this exact technique to make the chevrons on my card. Because I wanted my chevron to cover the entire card, I cut each paper strip 1/2" wide, adhered them to two 6"x6" pieces of paper, and cut my completed stripes into 1" strips. I had enough to make two cards.
Continue to focus on your breathing.
My mom simply cannot take care of him at home anymore (even with nearly full time help).
Suddenly, Alexa is the prey in an ancient war whose rules she is just beginning to understand.
I have found out that Metropolitan Who's Who is incorporated as Metropolitan Registries.
Did I mention that Eleanor was crying throughout all of this? Oh and that the only other people bowling were situated RIGHT NEXT TO US. So as to amply view my son’s very public, nasty meltdown.
The problem of forming DNA by sequencing nucleotides faces similar difficulties. And remember, mutation and selection cannot explain the origin of the first sequence, because mutation and selection require replication, which does not exist until that first living cell is already in place. I think that this very valuable research, indeed.
Four Stars.
Little Susie, like most preschool children, loves attention and wants whichever adult is nearest to comment on her accomplishments. One day she was walking across the balance beam and called out to me, “Look how I do balance!”
Good morning Gossips, it’s me GG. Spotted: Gem at Sterling McCall Lexus, making BFFs with the cappuccino machine. He had two cups of French vanilla cappuccino and had a croissant, his favorites. Lucky for him he didn’t spill coffee on his cream skinny jeans or leather gladiator sandals.
I think it's a good idea to review and rethink what we do every so often. Without noticing, we slip back into old ways and bad habits. Having our own review keeps us on our toes. Hanno and I are concentrating on four key areas at the moment - the 50 percent meat reduction, which is going really well, getting the entire vegetable garden planted and productive, decluttering and reorganising our bedrooms, and our food expenditure. I'm pretty sure some of you will need to check these areas too, so all this week, I'm going to write about those four things and hope you follow along with your own review and adjustments.
2a) 4X2 Clean Pulls – heavy, rest 60 sec.
Nutritional Breakdown: 390 calories, 5 g fiber, 24 g protein, 16.6 g fat
Behind the bar there are a number of fridges rammed with interesting looking bottles with unfamiliar labels. That beer labels were unfamiliar to me and was a pleasant surprise as I have certainly sank a fair number and i'm always on the lookout for beers to try whether it be from specialist shops to online mail order. I asked if they had a beer list for the non BrewDog bottled beers with percentages and pricing only to be told they didn't have one, not a lot to ask really is it? So unfortunately I'm still no wiser as to what bottled beers they actually stock.
The wildlife habitat garden is contained with a meandering path. Two small understory trees provide focal points. These would be underplanted with small shrubs, and shade-loving perennials. The path is designed to both cutoff and provide access to this garden. You can't see everything without walking the path. Two benches provide intimate seating, out of sight of each other and other areas of the garden.
Is it really all we need?
For the bittersweet, and very physical, primal, feeling of my child leaving my body.......
What benefits have you found through blogging?
So any networking efforts should be targeted at building a list of “loyal” followers who get to know you, develop a fondness for you, and trust you because you’re an authority on something, or stand for something tangible as a personality.
Asking that you remember Aunt Trula in your prayers that God's perfect will is accomplished, and she will have a full recovery and be able to return to her home that she loves. You love and prayers are so appreciated.
If I could.
Let’s dig in to the services offered.
Who knew that reflux could cause such a thing?
Some of these tricks I picked up while working for Susie Coelho back in my early days of photo styling, as shown above. And many of them I have learned through trial and error. But there's always more to learn. So feel free to share your favorite tree decorating tricks here and hopefully we can all come away with a few extra styling skills.
The final photo is one of the Lakes of Killarney and no, I don't know which one! We arrived in Killarney itself around 7.30pm and had a very nice (and very welcome!) meal in an Italian restaurant. As the American party were leaving Caher House around 4.30am for an early morning flight and my flight wasn't until 7.15pm on Sunday evening my luggage had accompanied us round Kerry and I was dropped off at the Bunratty Castle Hotel on the way back to Caher.
* The worst thing agriculture can do is answer a question no one is asking. The questions consumers are asking are not the same ones agriculture is answering, Yazmir said. As an industry, agriculture needs to find where the two conversations intersect and begin answering the right questions. Otherwise, he said, the disconnect will continue.
and the Ingersoll household will not be the same without him!!!
JR: Vashti, I am told you have just received a four year scholarship to college…tell me about this.
Tuesday marks the one-year anniversary of the death of Osama bin Laden – a milestone accomplishment for President Barack Obama who ordered a top-secret Navy SEALs raid of the Al Qaeda leader’s compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan. Here’s POLITICO’s look back at what political figures have said about the killing of the mastermind of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks that shocked the nation more than a decade ago:
If you’re still unsure of your tense or POV choices, try these techniques:
Los Angeles Unified Superintendent John Deasy said at the time it was necessary to take drastic measures to ensure there were no more surprises at Miramonte and investigate how no one knew what was going on.
Double double
Here are the paintings:
The deadline to order tickets to these games is Tuesday, May 15, 2012.
I write today to let you know my sister passed away on August 15. She had been diagnosed with pancreatic Cancer and underwent surgery. I spent a week with her during her hospital stay, a precious week, that I am so blessed to have had. She lived in Michigan, and I am in Minnesota.
Dr. Payne’s running commentary included the history of fillings, a story about the first time he ever pulled a tooth, and a funny anecdote about how his college roommate got really drunk every weekend.
brusque and thrilling in hot needles,
This is going to be a long post so bare with it, might break it into two. Thursday, April 26th, was the Opening Night of the National Film Festival for Talented Youth 2012 (NFFTY 2012). The red carpet was laid out, the lights were shining, filmmakers and fans were pouring it. There was energy and excitement in the air. As an intern, my task for the night was to capture the atmosphere of the event through creative and stylized b-roll coverage. This means shooting crowd shots, branding, establishing shots, capturing random moments of awesome throughout the night that can be used as inserts and cutaways for the highlight videos that are put out during the festival. So for the entire first part of the night, I was running around the entirety of the famous Seattle Cinerama, weaving in and out of some of the world’s most talented young filmmakers.
Over the ensuing twenty or so episodes, we watched as Bridget escaped numerous attempts on her sister’s life, attempted to bond with her assumed husband and step-daughter, got her best friend killed, and cut all ties with her lover-in-a-polo-neck Henry. She also uncovered her husband’s secret Ponzi scheme (FUN FACT! Nothing makes Ponzi interesting) and discovered that his ex-wife had framed their step-daughter’s teacher for sexual harassment. This all culminated in the penultimate episode with said ex-wife going on a Batshit Crazy Attempted Killing Spree (TM) that was as much fun as anything that doesn’t make sense and employs the “she’s so crazy she’s turned into a LESBIAN” style of story-telling can be. All that was left in the finale was to clear up the small matter of Bidiwayway McWai’s attempts on Bridget’s life, and for the sisters to finally come face-to-face.
This is also why I prefer to use salves and ointments: They are heavy on the oils and light on the water. As in, they don’t have water as part of their make-up. Crunchy Betty talks about a number of ways to help prevent cooties from forming in your all-natural whatever-it-is. One of the big ones, though, is to make only as much as you can use in a reasonable amount of time.
I masked off the horizon and sponged in my background with Memento's. Stamped the trees in and colored them with Copic's. I extended the shore by stamping the shoreline and stamping half of the image again to the shoreline.
Thor: … He’s adopted.
Notes: I hesitated to include this restaurant because it offers only a wee garden salad, however I really wanted to make a distinction between restaurants who had even one item from restaurants that literally have nothing for vegans. So, I’m not sure if anyone is going to rush to the French Market Restaurant to get a teeny garden salad but if you’ve got a hankerin’ for lettuce, by all means…
You cannot get a certificate to operate a business unless you grease the palm of a politician. You cannot get contract unless you know a politician in the ruling government. You are treated differently if you know the regional minister, the district commissioner, governor or the district chief executive (DCE). A French investigation into corruption at the former oil giant Elf Aquitaine, an executive testified that Elf paid £40m a year to Bongo via Swiss bank accounts in exchange for permission to exploit his country's reserves. Source: The Sunday Times, 2008.
If you’re not familiar with Thomas’s work… er, why the hell not? Seriously, go on, search for ‘The Golden Age of Wireless’ and ‘The Flat Earth’ and give them both a spin. Or if those aren’t to your taste (you’d be mad, but OK), try ‘Aliens Ate My Buick’ or ‘Astronauts and Heretics’ instead. If none of this moves you in any way, you are dead on the inside.
Only by the hunger
The events in the beginning of the Book of Daniel took place in 605 B.C. – after Jerusalem was taken by Nebuchadnezzar. Daniel would have been approximately 15 years old at that time.
1 driven
“We’ve had people come to us and say, ‘You love your children so much more than we do,’” said Krista A. Clermont, 30, who serves as a church-planting missionary with her husband, Justin Clermont, in Chad.
The first pub I visited was the free house '5 Arches Tavern'. A pub with dark corners, stone columns and nooks abound, it had 2 pumps with Brains Bitter and Theakstons Black Bull which I chose. It was creamy, almost nitro 'smooth' apart from the temperature, an okay start.
Will Holman admits, ‘My unconventional resume has proven to be a liability in a competitive job market; architecture firms I’ve interviewed at are looking for people with traditional commercial experience and advanced software skills. … This situation is of my own making, and I don’t regret any of the steps I’ve taken — forward, sideways or backwards — but I do wish there was more allowance in the licensure process for unconventional paths like mine.’
Could it really be a year already since the last great Brooklyn Book Festival where I sat among the enchanted and the disenchanted the hopeful and the delusional among the voices of angry metaphors and soothing rhymes among the wandering ticketless rejected superannuated ghosts of a forgotten generation and the fresh faced superbrats of an over rated one-- all of us and my books and my friend Greg getting wet under a pissy but consistent rain selling nothing just mingling with the crazies and the semi crazies all of us inside and out indoors or out with the same thing in common our love of the written word no matter how well or badly written the words are.
Like I’m running away.
Our governments - but most energetically, the governments of the United States and the United Kingdom, have deliberately sought to deny us respect, care, and treatment. Why? The insurance lobby. The cost of treating us. Making a name for themselves. Pathetic, pitiful reasons to ruin the lives of so many. Read more>>
It’s possible to go through life carrying out a range of complex tasks without consciously paying attention to what we’re doing. While it is possible to live that way, you end up missing a lot. We will talk with Harvard professor Ellen Langer, a scholar who has been called the mother of the psychological concept of “mindfulness.” It’s a very simple but powerful idea--that, by paying attention to what we are doing, we will better understand ourselves and others, and in the process live a more full and healthy life.
The Knight’s Tomb
We, the Rakyat, wanted our voice heard.
A woman returns to China to be by her father’s side after she learns that he has been diagnosed with stomach cancer. (2/10)
Napoleon Kitten
justification and has been detained already far too long.
I guess I have rambled enough. Point is, I think I like my no technology downtimes these days & appreciate what life has to offer! I am learning not to be glued to this machine, not thinking of doing away with it; but just trying to hit the balance! I hope that A does grow in a society where technology is embraced without giving up basic human interactions.
...a descent into the Canyon is essential for a proper estimate of its details, and one can never realize the enormity of certain valleys, till he has crawled like a maimed insect at their base and looked thence upward to the narrowed sky.
Variations, if you're interested, are adding green onions, rice wine vinegar, or if you like things a little spicy, some red pepper flakes.
Arete explains everything he is doing and why. He explains what vein is in that part of the leg, arm, hand. He knows how many layers of skin or muscle lay on top of it. He explains exactly what happens when said vein is punched, kicked, sliced.
Caleb - "You got a point there. . ."
and rest.
Here’s an edit I threw together just to show what can be done with raw processing (Not implying it can’t be done with jpeg but raw certainly makes things easier):
Choi-Min Shik (Oh Dae Su in OldBoy) plays Kyung-chul a sadistic sexual predator/murderer who messes with the wrong guy’s (Soo-hyun played by Lee Byung-Hun, The Good, The Bad, and The Weird, A Bittersweet Life )fiance.
She and I took one look at each other and kinda fell in love. Which is way fun because, even though I could have given birth to her, it's fun to make new friends. And, as a side-note, it seems hard to make new friends the older you get. Why is this btw? That's a post for a different day.
There was a lot of blood.
Maybe it’s because I come from a small family that I have this burning desire to fill my home with people. I like to entertain largely for selfish reasons; it’s a creative outlet, an opportunity to experiment with new recipes, a chance to bring people together, make connections, the best way to get to know your children’s friends, and I just have a knack for it. My philosophy is that every event, big or small, should be celebrated (or at the very least acknowledged).
I have to say that those reactions come from non-romance readers. People who read and enjoy romance are excited to meet an author. I’ve never had anything but a truly wonderful experience with readers. And it’s a large community. Romance comprises the largest segment of the fiction market. With sales exceeding 1.3 billion dollars in 2010, romance beats the next largest segment (religious/inspirational) by nearly 600 hundred million dollars.
And if you have never heard of Ninotchka and the title has you bewildered in terms of pronunciation, no worries. By the end of the picture you too will be shouting “Ninotchka, Ninotchka, Ninotchka!” and possibly asking your significant other to “salute”.
Therefore the argument that there would have to be vast numbers of people involved in the cover up is not necessarily true.
powdered sugar 1/2 cup
Nothing can beat, when someone shows you a shortcut and you save 40 kms.
Recipients, please place this banner on your site with pride and feel free to link it back to this post. If you have any problems with it, don't hesitate to send me an email and I'll send you instructions
as rays of sunlight shine through
—Fostering chaos. The passive-aggressive man prefers to leave the puzzle incomplete, the job undone,… He sets up ongoing chaotic situations that are intolerable if your life is linked to his. But should you offer a useful suggestion to improve things, just watch his resentment grow.”
Again, rewriting is brutal business. It's one thing to rewrite a 1500 word blog essay, but working through 65,000 words is a much bigger fish to fry. But we each stayed the course. And now here I sit, version 2.0 on my screen, just about to hit the send button on the email its attached to, bound for Paradise Copies. As I tell this tale, I savor a fresh wave of satisfaction for sticking with it through another tough write-around.
The mist carried plague of the mind and it seeped into his pores now and he knew not of the way to stop it,
or feel the grace
In 1970 Freddie joined Brian May and Roger Taylor from Smile, talking them into naming the band Queen. Freddie was later quoted as saying of the name:
Let's look at Batman as an example of effective short-form promotion. (Doesn't everyone?) When the movie The Dark Knight was about to come out, the studio knew they had a bundle of Hollywood hotness on their hands, and even before the trailers they had to get that across in the simplest of teasers: still images on posters, in print, and on the web. Hence the "Why so serious?" campaign.
I’ve long been aware of Mercer’s writing. Though I rarely agree with her, she’s quite a presence on the right side of the blogosphere. This is an extremely well- written and provocative work. I was riveted as I read it.
I've been curious about dyeing fabric. In the past I've had unsatisfactory results with RIT dye. The colors are weak and drab, and the pigments stain in every subsequent wash. Seeing Lucie Summers's recent post in which she overdyed her new collection of prints with Moda Fabrics, Summersville, my enthusiasm for hand dyeing was renewed.
ISBN: 978-0-9841847-1-2
believeth on me should not abide in darkness” (John 12:46). He’ll lead you
Another customer at Rojo said hey to me while I was sitting down. I forgot their name and it made for a very awkward exchange. If I’m going to make embarassing social miscues every time I go to Rojo, then I probably won’t be going back. If they can fix the Coke machine and I learn how to remember people’s name, I will definitely be going back. Overall: 4.5 out of 5 bros
They want you to hold them close.
As Palestine became the darling of the Left, I moved right. Up until now, I’d always seen my conservative philosophy as arising from my economic principles, and that is certainly true. But, above all, it was my solidarity with Israel which slowly evolved into a militant stand against those of my fellow citizens who seemed to hate America and Israel equally. When I would occasionally (and then more frequently) meet a pro-Palestinian Jew, the cognitive dissonance made me queasy. Their outlook, to me, was either insane or perverted. I still think this.
A final word on the outcome of the TotMom Debacle, due you of course, since my last two entries centered on crude circus behavior - now that the object of hatred for the mass mind, fundamentally inspired by gnashing pundits themselves twisted by their own wishful thinking, seeking higher and higher ratings and vast acknowledgement of their celebrity appeal, stumbling over one another analyzing every facial tick and supposed legal trick delivered at ear-torturing volume with over zealous beached hair jobs, Korean nails, stark evidence of various youth-preserving cosmetic surgeries and an astounding absence of sensitivity toward their fellows has been found Not Guilty and will NOT be lethally injected, law enforcement has roadblocked entry into the family's suburban Orlando neighborhood, obviously the mass mind is clamoring excitedly for a little Strange Fruit. But who are they angry with now? Can it be they are suddenly left lacking an object of hatred, can it be they will now have to look to themselves and the absurd situations in wh
“Far out in the Channel, the Haida’s cutter is slowly making its way home. The men are wet and cold. But with hard tack, water, and malted milk tablets, they are better off than those left at the site of the sinking. Suddenly, on the horizon looms a German mine sweeper thqt changes course and heads directly for the small boat. Darting into a mine field, the men pray the Germans will give up. For a moment it looks as though the vessel is planning to fire on them. It hesitates, then swings around, leaving the survivors to their fate. Every man on that little boat knows their situation is desperate and that the odds are against them.
Do you remember my Halloween Silhouettes post? Well, I decided to make a different one, only with Tinkerbell. I have always loved Tinkerbell, and I'm kinda passing that love onto my daughter. So I made her a Tinkerbell Silhouette for Christmas. I had a few 12x12 boards left over, so I painted on pink, cut the foam to 3x3, and mod podged some green polka dot paper onto it. I used a light purple vinyl for the pictures. I did Tinkerbell and the other fairies that are on the cricut cartridge that I have. To fill in the other ones, I did a butterfly, a flower, one of the homes of the fairies (looks like another flower), and a mushroom.
I actually made two cards I loved this layout so much! The other card said "If Friends Were Flowers.... I'd pick you on the front." and "Thanks for being my friend" on the inside. If you own any flower stamp sets, this set, Say it with Flowers is a MUST HAVE. The flowers on the front are from the stamp set Fabulous Florals, which also, in my opinion, is another must have. It matches the sentiment set so nicely.... right? :)
Easier said than done, but one can try.
The birds of prey are also likely a deliberate reference. The eagle was the symbol of the Roman Empire. Each Legion of Rome carried an Eagle standard before it (an ‘Aquila’). Rome was the bird of prey, proud of its power, ostentatious in its wealth, violently expansive in conquering its neighbours, dominant in a way that no civilisation since had been able to achieve. Nietzsche’s studies as a philologist had given him a deep respect for the achievements and greatness of Imperial Rome.
My camera wasn't really up to the task, but the wall behind Rojas was beautiful... the heads are sculpted stone, but they fade into the wall and the bodies and gowns are mosaic...
Spirit On The Water
Hansson E, Jansa S, Wande H, Källén B, Östlund E. Pregnancy outcome for women working in laboratories in some of the pharmaceutical industries in Sweden. Scand J Work Environ Health 1980; 6: 131-134.
Essentially, know what you’re letting yourself in for: from online application forms to assessment centres and face-to-face interviews there are numerous ways organisations assess applicants. To find out how to prepare, look at the website. Again. If they have a list of five key things they want from you write down examples which how amazing you are at those things! Then practice, practice, practice – go online for practice tests, ask a careers advisor to read your application before you send it and rope some volunteers in to watch you practice your presentation skills.
You have given him dominion over the works of your hands;
Adult Romance: A Tutorial On Romance
“We have set up a task team to investigate if there had been negligence on the part of the investigating officer, and if there is any, the provincial commissioner, Simon Mpempe, would determine the action to be taken,” said Mulaudzi.
This bill only serves to make inventors secondary to paper pushers. And it benefits companies with the money to hire large numbers of people to handle these replications and application processing. The little guy, who they’re so fond of talking about in glowing terms, gets screwed royally.
The court needs to protect people who are highly dependent on others. We believe that cases of withdrawing life-sustaining treatment or care should be treated with great caution because if the person is being controlled by others, the outcome may be lethal.
There are three people in our office who you might think of as "assistants." They are not. They are godsends. They are incredibly valuable, and I treasure them. These are the people who sort the mail, run the manuscripts through the xerox, prepare the UPS shipments, order the office supplies, and answer the phone. They are worth every penny they get paid, and should be paid a lot more.
Well you can rebel. Do a Bart Simpson (try Seymour. Seymour Butts). Or tell them your name is ‘God’. Or ‘Heil Hitler’. Or Ivor Biggun’.
Here is the brand new long awaited image called Toot Toot!!
The hardest spine and weakest heart
Val and I made small talk for a good fifteen minutes before finally Alistair arrived. “Are we meeting?” he asked.
- Systematic dispossession of the country's white minority, leading to massive emigration of thousands of business people and professionals, a brain drain that is slowly strangling the country's economy;
Other things to point out
*pretty (to me)
Tampax Pearl, Pearl Compak, Radiant 16 ct+ $1/1
… and see the CNN interview afterwards, where the question of tokenism is dispatched pretty sharpish. http://bit.ly/tAnbnt
I can’t tell you how decidedly perverse this statement is. We don’t design worship to be culturally friendly. The very fact of worship makes it counter-cultural to begin with. Worshiping Jesus Christ is even more terrifying to most people. We are not worshiping a soft cuddly lamb white with wool. The Revelation we read last week said that the Lamb is a Lion, the Lamb was slain, the Lamb is worthy: The Lamb is God! The worship we offer—whatever worship we offer and wherever we offer it—is to be holy and pleasing to God! Culture does not determine the nature of worship: God determines the nature of worship.
So my neighbor goes in to the woman and she tells him that “Tony is on vacation and can’t see him until next week.” Oh, that’s great, I said. I think this Tony guy, must be Tony Soprano. I’ve tangled with him before.That was about my hair, this time it’s my pool. It’s all the same spirit and requires the same remedy. Prayer.
Simply delicious. Enjoy!
These censorious attacks on Israel's art fit neatly with broader campaigns to boycott its academics and produce.
Michael Miller, who is handicapped, is a student at FVTC and one of the leading volunteers for Easter Seals Wisconsin . It’s a non-profit organization that provides services to people with autism and other disabilities so they can live, learn, work and play in their communities.
Samantha Hughes...Jocelin Donahue
I changed the words of the song to fit a dad with two little girls. Somehow I managed to make it through the song without crying, but I know there were lots of flat notes because I was holding back tears! I did not look up from the podium because I KNEW that one look at anyone crying would send me over the top. There were lots of people crying too!
The Cloisters set the scene for our hero's first adventure, and I used Google Earth to find a suitable vantage point. The action takes place inside the main courtyard, but I used the southwest corner for the first shot of Daredevil. Additional details were found by scouring people's pics of the Cloisters on-line. I still haven't been there myself.
In Niger, a newborn baby girl will likely get four years of education and will have a life expectancy of 56 years. A Norwegian girl, by contrast, will get 18 years of education and can expect to live to the age of 83.
It’s not often that photographers include themselves in their own photos. It makes sense since they are usually behind the camera and not in front of it. It takes forethought to create a photo with the photographer included. I set out to make these photos of my hats and I had a lot of fun doing it so I am pleased to show them.
3) Make your purchase from Gaggle of Chicks
Well I haven't! But I'm still questing for it!
Small splash of liqueur (optional - I used ameretto)
Not going to lie. I considered it.
Sable Brushes – From the fur of sables (weasel-like mammals). Used to make eye makeup, lipstick, and artists’ brushes. Alternatives: synthetic fibers.
He was born near Winchester, Tennessee, USA, and lost his sight at the age of five following an accident. A talented musician, he taught music and at the age of 16 was appointed music master at the Tennessee School for the Blind and later went on to become musical director at the Wisconsin School for the Blind. He also taught at the Perkins Institute for the Blind in Watertown, Massachusetts.
I was in a Romance writing discussion on Google+ and somehow the subject of porn came up.
Paulaner Salvator Thomasbraeu AG Paulaner Oktoberfest-Märzen
Does your teacher evaluation system, noting whether or not a child's test scores increase, measure these kinds of responsibilities that we teachers take simply for the sake of our students and their families? I hope so, although it doesn't seem as though it possibly can.
coverage needed when faced with a “budget”.
When I answered the phone, an automated voice announced the name of the survey. Years of thoughts appeared in my brain in one instant. I thought of all of the questions I could answer truthfully and was thrilled to have the opportunity. In the same instant, I realized the questions could be loaded, my answers misconstrued and something wonderful would be compromised by the corrupted data.
I’m looking at you, Lou. I know how much you like to whore it up. SO WHORE IT UP!!!
Your presence we’ll miss and the memories we’ll treasure,
On a maternity room door.
A year after his debut artist album, Guillaume Duchastel de Montrouge, aka DJ W!LDreintroduces the world to his raw and groovy sound for his second album, ‘Dirty’. A more straight up honest affair, this concoction of late night jacking cuts hypnotise with clever use of sampling – a nod to his penchant for hip hop – vintage feel and well carved beats.
Fourth, another clear indication that the Church herself intends for the teaching of Leo XIII to be considered to be a principle that should be applied broadly, comes in its application to the six days of creation. The Pontifical Biblical Commission, which was a magisterial office at the time, issued this statement in 1909 concerning the language of Genesis 1 – language that clearly hearkens to Leo XIII’s Providentissimus Deus:
~It cost me about $230 total (and worth every penny). Shipped (fast) from the UK to Florida.
Reading over these reasons, I can see clearly why I never wanted to go on a break. All of these reasons make the parties involved with the break seem weak. They’re too afraid to make a final decision, so they want to leave the door open for the possibility of getting back together, but they’re not entirely sure that’s what they want. It’s very wishy-washy and noncommittal, and it just doesn’t seem like it makes any sense, to sensible people.
Have you guys made any good recipes lately? Any suggestions for one I can try for my next battle in the kitchen?
A Few Interesting Notes
On Skärtorsdagen – sorry! Maundy Thursday - children in Sweden dress up as easter hags, or witches if you like.
Idea 9: When such predictable patterns are interrupted, for example by the existence of another person who might perform an unpredictable action, the zero-positive individual can find this aversive and even terrifying. Hence, zero-positives typically resist change at all costs.
Now I am ready to start sharing some of the pictures of what we have been up to on the Disney Pictures and lots of Disney Pictures to share!!
There are only three eateries in NB, and we decided to stay with Bruno.
I’d like to go back to when we first met. You won the Authonomy Live event at York Festival of Writing and were swamped by agents as soon as you stepped from the stage. There's a perception that this was a sort of magical 'right place, right time' occurrence, but I know that your authorial journey up to that point had been longer and more arduous than that might suggest. Can you tell us a bit about that?
We’ll happily dare/
June 17, 2011
Because what’s interesting is that for all of its faults, Timelash pulls off a bleakly clever bit of thematic unity here. Just as the Doctor’s past becomes a meaningless thing that is referenced vaguely and for its own sake HG Wells is separated from almost all actual representation of his history. The list of historical howlers about Wells is huge - his accent is wrong, his hair color is wrong, he goes by Herbert instead of George, he’s inexplicably well off, he appears to believe in God...
We must learn to process long term. Which for us in Jesus means maturity in him, together becoming like him. We’ll make mistakes along the way as to the best decisions to be made in life. That is inevitable, and we should try to learn from that and do better.
I chose Red Journey because it was my very first purely abstract painting, and as such represents a big turning point in my art career. I had spent most of my life until then believing abstract art to not be real art. I had spent a lot of time studying and creating realistic art, even going so far as to get a masters degree in illustration. (Ironically, it was studying illustration that eventually lead to this breakthrough, but perhaps that is a story for another time.) But when I painted Red Journey - and I remember the entire process very clearly, from first inspiration to finished product, even though it was 7 years ago - it was almost as if I was a conduit for a larger creativity. I had never felt inspiration that strongly before, nor been so sure that the outcome was a true expression of my inner vision. And that has become my definition of real art - true expression, and I've been hooked on it ever since.
Financial turmoil in Europe is no longer a problem of small, peripheral economies like Greece. What’s under way right now is a full-scale market run on the much larger economies of Spain and Italy. At this point countries in crisis account for about a third of the euro area’s G.D.P., so the common European currency itself is under existential threat. Most Americans don’t spend a lot of time thinking about the financial condition of Europe.
I think I did so also to reconnect to this part of my life, to rekindle the fire, or to awaken the ‘pintele Yid’. The Jewish spark as it were.
When going to Rome, except from eating excellent food there is an obligation to visit the ruins and nonetheless St Peterus Square. The Vatican museum is where you go if you are really interested in art (or not), but it is an experience like no other if I may say so. In the museum you can find maps on how the Romans believed the world looked like, which is awfully well done except when it came to the north. Scandinavia is like a blurry island, which showed how far they travelled. They new that there was something in the north, but the investigation was probably not existing. This is basically the only way you can stand in the Sistine Chapel and have a glance of the work of Michelangelo which is breathtaking really. Not breathtaking like the most beautiful thing you have ever seen, but in ‘I can’t believe that he did all of this’ kind of way. When going to see this you believe that the classic The Creation of Adam is going to be bigger than it really is, which hit me when I saw it. But of course if you don’t want to have a humo
13. If you can help it, use an electric fan instead of an air conditioner.
I can now - I hope - tell the difference between a blue tit, a coal tit and a chaffinch.
Just as a matter of interest… given this was a first-time test drive of Cyberskin, much anticipated since your earlier dildo post… did it live up to it’s “life-like give” expectations fully? You say it was the “real deal”, can you give us the clinical detail, (at the risk of lowering your wonderful wonderful blog to a sexual health forum…perish the thought!)
While we’re going to emphasize waist over weight in this blog, we also know that many of you won’t be able to resist the siren of the scale. When it comes to actual weight, you do need to stop thinking about one specific number. (“I want to get down to one hundred thirty.”) All of us have an ideal playing weight—not a weight for running marathons or making All Pro linebacker or posing for an airbrushed-anyway centerfold. This ideal playing weight is a range in which you live lean and healthy, and one in which you significantly reduce the risks of aging diseases associated with being overweight.
CTC do have weaknesses, and being unfocused is certainly one of them. It's also strange that for all its emotional-sounding contortions, this records still feels so hollow. 'See This Through...' is more for the head than the heart (though exactly whose head is hard to say). The only thing heartening is that such a complex and unconventional sound can be making populist impact - not only puncturing the charts, but landing CTC with a video spot virtually every five minutes on MTV2 for 'Been Training Dogs'. Their appeal may be difficult to define, but they've definitely got it
I'll be talking about poetry, and even reading some of my own if they can't stop me quickly enough. If you're in the area next weekend - Friday 10th to Sunday 12th June - and are interested in writing, there may still be day tickets available.
More than two-thirds of the defendants charged with an immigration offense were identified as having been previously arrested. Thirty-six percent had been arrested on at least 5 prior occasions; 22%, 2 to 4 times; and 12%,1 time.
a computer ..... well, the whole
We make too many excuses, “I don’t have time”, “stock can go down” “etc”
"I do not doubt for a second that those involved in KONY 2012 have great intentions, nor do I doubt for a second that Joseph Kony is a very evil man. But despite this, I’m strongly opposed to the KONY 2012 campaign.
During the full moon this week, I heard that the moon would be the closest it ever gets to the earth. They were calling it a Super Moon. I found that to be inspiring and went out to take some pictures. I love photographing the moon!
And I thought I would take the opportunity to have a little moan about pub names. You may have noticed it as a thread in some postings: some pub names are strange and wonderful; some are run-of -the-mill. But it seems little enough to expect the pub website to explain the name. And yet few of them do: too busy describing the food and the quiz nights.
* An entry should be a work of fiction between 1,000 to 5,000 words. The category a story falls into may influence its length.
Stillwater Artisan Ales - Rule of Thirds
If you are looking to make some enhancements to your Maryland home and need funding you should visit the Be SMART Home website. I hope this helps you or someone you know. ta-ta ….. La Tonya
07. Allegro ma non troppo
Depictions of the land garner our attention in numerous ways and means. Perhaps its most compelling role and representation is it as the space in which we act out all of our stories. In desiring to understand and shape the land, we might hope that our own stories will be more controlled. Land is the place that provides sustenance for us both literally as well as metaphorically. There exists an attachment to the land for its ability to mark time: it can be a glimpse into the past, while offering a promise of the future; yet, in many ways the land, despite its mutability, seems constant. Interest also exists in the idea of the land as it relates to the accessibility to the viewer, and thus intrinsically one may believe that the land is free for all to envision. Regardless, the land is ultimately intriguing simply because we know that we are both separate from it, and it exists for it’s own sake.
dentist made some bad errors, and I ended up screaming in pain, and later had to get some of the tooth pulled in the States because he had failed to pull all of it out. On top of that, I ended up with a bad infection…wonder how that happened???
Today Everett and I are just going to have a fun day together and then we'll have some more fun when daddy gets home. There is a dinner and playtime at the Library tonight so I think we'll go there later. But mostly there will be lots of hugs and kisses and doting on our ONE YEAR OLD... so crazy to say that!
A willingness to compromise can get you better results, too. If, for example, your initial request to fully remove your name gets refused, see if asking to have your identity anonymized will work. And if one person at the site you’ve contacted keeps stalling you, see if there’s another you can contact instead.
cocktail? Margaritas. Good, delicious, mouth-watering margaritas make me happy. I’m particularly a fan of guava and passionfruit.
We also insist that it was the Lord Jesus Christ who ordered the departure for that which we read in Galatians 1:12. “For I neither received it of man, neither was I taught it, but by the revelation of Jesus Christ.” He was not told by Peter nor any other of the Twelve Apostles to go out of Jerusalem. He was not taught by any of those apostles what his message should be as he preached to the Gentiles.
Dear Co-workers:
My kids don’t eat pizza anymore.
The young man used his partial left foot that resembled a hand, and with which he has learned to type over 40 words a minute, to turn to Psalm 91 ... in case you haven't read that lately:
In the coming season simplicity will lead to the profound. Refuse to allow complications to take you off course. Your task is to eliminate distractions in order to gain spiritual depth. That will mean a shift in focus from satisfying fleshly desire to developing a spiritual desire to be one with Me, says the Lord. This shift in desire will require discipline and self-control, but the outcome will be worth your effort. For, you will certainly see the manifestation of My glory as you continue to seek first the kingdom of God.
Brandon and Jen also brought us something else, but that if for another post later this week!
10:55: Maryetta Ables begins to speak.
However holding the incoming money in cash isn’t an option as cash is a real drag on returns. So instead the money is invested when the price of the holdings is at historically high values. Now this doesn’t seem like a formula for success. This is just one more example of buying high to later sell low.
--What could I have done differently at that job?
A few weekends ago, I had a crazy weekend, filled with time spent with friends in the city, teetering around on heels that are way too high, not sleeping until at least 4 a.m., and somehow managing to avoid a hangover even though I was not exactly responsible (sorry, mom).
So I decided to make some changes, work being one of the more major ones. It felt scary, ridiculous and good. You know the feeling you get when you feel like you’re watching a movie of yourself – distant from deadlines and headlines, and either the others are ‘real’ and you aren’t, or vice versa? That is how I felt… kind of surreal but more real than ever, all at once.
The new forgiveness of the masses is now bestowed upon a certain Ross Barkley esquire. We have barely seen anything of the boy however the clamour for him to start every game is ridiculous. In the games he has played he has done ok but nothing exceptional yet. But our insatiable hunger for a new hero warps our perceptions of a young player still finding his feet and recovering from an horrific injury. Each pass he misplaces is instantly forgiven. he is young, at least he’s trying. Great idea, almost pulled it off. How long this lasts for I know not, however the perception pendulum for young Ross is currently at its peak. I only hope he is prepared for when it begins to swing the other way.
Is there anyone in need of prayer,
Hi Singapore tourists!
But I just wanted everyone to know G.I. Joe is back in America and working towards recovering.
So my question to those that impose the fine ...
the dogs sniff the area around me
Panic attack commenced to grow stronger however, when upon hooking up my ‘puter, it would not turn on. The tremors (so remembered from my first divorce time, and NOT missed) made a comeback – fuzzy, buzzy head, inability to focus.
Dinner: Chicken fingers BAD and fries super bad!!!! (2 fats at least and 3 starch and 1 protein)
Recently my sister stripped the "little boy" wallpaper and painted my office a lovely, grown-up shade of mink. A new chair replaced the pink and blue ones I had in my office, but they both found a happy home in our family room downstairs.
Wednesday, February 08 2012
Suzanne and I have taken lots of pictures, given lots of hugs, seen lots of DREAMS, and see where God would like us to pitch in ... He shows himself so clearly and the need is SO GREAT that it is easy to see what direction to go ... The question is WILL YOU GO WITH US ??? WILL YOU GO SOMEWHERE to help ...
Last day to enter is Saturday, February 18th, by midnight EST.
9/18 – Austin – Jesse Dayton @ The Broken Spoke & Rhett Miller @ Threadgills
Keep an eye out for the May DT Gallery to see all the projects that the DT have created.
I'm reading a book right now, where the author has done it a little differently, and it's working very well. It's a variation of the bomb in the back pocket.
Was there ever such an island? Was there ever such a monster? In fact, the movie was inspired by a real life monster hunt on an Indonesian island conducted by W. Douglas Burden in 1926.
"Ice? Oh yeah, you asked for that a while ago didn't you?"Anyway, we enjoyed running into Jim and Merrill. They actually beat us out of the RV park the next morning after Lynda and I stayed up until around 3 AM checking email and the sky, to see if we could spot the northern lights. No northern lights, but why did we even think we would see them? Because that reliable young lady in the restaurant told us we would. Duh!
After waiting for a long time at Pendra Road Station, Gaurella, I caught a train to Jabalpur, 1st AC. That was a first for me and very nice. One of the co-passengers was a French Software Engineer, who came to India via trains. He had seen Khajuraho, Bandhavgarh Sanctuary (no tigers) and was on his way to see Sanchi. He had learnt Hindi consonants and did not know how to combine them with vowels, so I showed him. The highlight of this journey was that I saw the Sun literally sink into the horizon, a first time for me. Previously the horizon was obscured by mists (coastal areas) or by buildings (urban areas). I naturally got all excited by this. The MP tourism hotel in Jabalpur was called Kalchuri Residency and it was quite nice. Right outside you can get the best Poha in the world!
“The hospital at Camp Bastion, the UK’s main military base in Helmand, occasionally treats enemy forces that have been wounded.
Definition of OPPROBRIUM
¡Venimos! ¡Vimos! y ¡Conquistamos!
However, in poker greed as the main element of the game is out. This profit, while having fun – so arranged game. Jack Strauss, the champion of poker 1982, once said that he obuet his own grandmother if she would sit with him at the table. The same for 150 years before him said Fyodor Ivanovich Tolstoi, nicknamed “American”, adding that he may in his quest to win the partypoker rakeback “carried away by habit tinker with his hands error of Fortune.”
There's more ....
ADMIRAL OF THE FLEET.
Now, new research has revealed this herb may also fight off the devastating effects of Alzheimer’s disease.
If you already have my books, and especially if you like them, you can help me greatly by posting reviews on amazon, especially for the first two titles above. Or, simply go to the link and click on "like." I appreciate your assistance in getting started with amazon book sales very much!
Hope you are having a terrific day! Hugs to you all.
Except that waiting is not the same as doing nothing, nor is it the same as hanging around at home. Waiting creates a sub-species of stress, based around being ready to spring into action at very short notice. Think of fighter pilots sitting in their jets at the end of the runway waiting for the call to scramble - sure, they're idling, but relaxed they're not.
On Capitol Hill, the chorus of senior lawmakers calling for aid to Egypt to be suspended over the affair is growing, and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has warned that the funds could be in jeopardy.
A superhero movie that actually does something interesting with its plot is rare to find these days as many of them are adaptations from already existing comic books – so even the best ones don’t usually surprise us in many ways, being that they are telling stories that we have always loved. But Chronicle puts a different spin on things and delivers a surprisingly dark, haunting picture that I found to be quite addictive.
Flea circuses.
You’ll feel really good – by and by,
All Photos by Melanie Parker
and vowed to make more of an effort, upon my return.
Somehow a double act was born and over the space of 3 months Dave and I must have amassed nearly 12 hours of the most inane, embarrassingly juvenile recordings ever committed to magnetic tape. We did impressions, told jokes, made up songs and murdered existing ones by recording our own lyrics over the tops of the originals. I can lay personal claim to having murdered Bono and lyrically shitting on his grave on at least five separate occasions.
Questions for Anni’s friends and family:
Set boundaries. My husband and I both agree that we need to be careful of how other people perceive situations. So, we have determined this: if I am home and my husband is not, no man can enter our home without him present. It works the opposite way too. If he is home and I am not, no woman can enter our home if I’m not present. Why give the neighbors something to talk about? We are to flee even the perception of evil if possible. I Thessalonians 5:22 tells us, “Abstain from all appearance of evil.” We would do well to make sure our actions wouldn’t allow even a shred of doubt to enter our spouses’ mind. (Exceptions to this might be close family members, but that is something you and your spouse should determine together.)
By the time baby three came I started working from home because the cost of daycare was outrageous and I truly did want to be home for my children. That was when I put into motion one of my big life goals—writing a book. This took me over a year and that book is under the bed, so to speak, but it showed me I could do it. I then joined my local romance writers’ group and never looked back. Today, I have over 12 books to my name. This year I started my Indie journey and launched my nitty gritty YA stories under a new name (actually it’s my original name-lol) and I’m loving it. The third book in my nitty gritty series, Off Stroke debuts this month on
On a side note, did you know Jillibean Soup recently opened their own online store? I'm loving this. They don't sell the latest items but it is a fantastic place to get a few more sheets of some of the older items.
"what is wrong with maddy?" she asked, all teary-eyed.
We spent the whole week learning about patterns. We watched the Brain Pop Jr. pattern video as a quick introduction. I love this website! The children practiced rhythmic patterning by clapping while I read "Caps for Sale" and tapping them while we sang "Going on a Bear Hunt." We also completed a flipchart on the Promethean Board to learn how to create, extend and label patterns.
Guidelines:
Peyton! Your wife is from Memphis! You went to school in Knoxville! Your family lives in New Orleans which is a heckuva lot closer to Nashville than to DENVER.
Here you can see I've gained about 15 lbs.
What do you think of Lynnderella's V-Day collection? I personally, think it's my fav. one yet. ;-) Do you have any of them? Which one is your fav? It's too hard for me to pick a fav....I love them all!
Pete Jordan is a highly respected and well traveled DJ, who has toured with the likes of Dizzee Rascal and the Prodigy, he also happens to have just released his new record label – Weird Science. Pete took the time out to speak to our collaborator Matthew Trevett about his view on the music industry at the moment and his ideas for 2012.
I pursed my lips in a the shape of an O and pressed then against the hardened fleshy nub at the top of her pussy and drew it into my lips. I suckled it with love and desire. I drew on it as if it were the source of a mysterious ointment to heal my pain and the ache of sexual desire that was hanging and throbbing between my thighs.
A big THANK YOU to all the contributors to this week's carnival. And a big THANK YOU to you for attending. Please help promote the carnival on your own blog (you can use one of the spiffy COH images found here*), Facebook, Twitter, Google+, homeschool message boards, and your local homeschool email groups by sharing the link to the carnival!
Either way, when your abode is filling with murky water, and the options for resolutionary action are non-existent, it is a very unfortunate time for your phone to be out of service.
This woman is “breast obsessed.” That would be wrong.
Since 2010, Jack Maxton and Chevrolet have collected more than 103,000 lightly used devices for Cell Phones for Soldiers, and converted them to 6.2 million minutes of free talk time for troops serving overseas. Jack Maxton will be collecting for Cell Phones for Soldiers once again, through the end of July. Please call 1-877-331-1628 to get more information on how you can donate your old phones.
I feel empowered, that I could do or go anywhere. It’s incredibly peaceful out in the suburbs. Until you face a coyote, then you’re fucked.
Long live the British People!
1) A new coffee maker. A. bought a coffee maker for himself when we moved to Albany, back in the days before I even drank coffee. That would be ten years ago. He bought the cheapest model available at Target, in keeping with our economic station (that is, really damn poor). And it just kept going. Not, however, without some minor inconveniences as it neared the end of its life. It got incontinent, leaking water from mysterious and indeterminable places. The basket part, which swung out to the side, wouldn't stay shut anymore unless I put a rubber band around it. So I used a leaking, rubber banded coffee maker for at least a year, reluctant to throw it away as it was in fact still performing its stated duty of making coffee, albeit while annoying the shit out of me every morning.
But Lancelot mused a little space
And of course I couldn't forget my own lovely mother (pictured above with her first child, my older sister Daryllyn) on this most perfect weekend. My mom is a legend. She's mothered 9 (and is actually still mothering...2 are still under her wing at home) creative, strong, spirited, and dare I say somewhat challenging (OK, I'm owning up to that one) children and she did it with creativity, humor and fun. My mother is all about fun. And I swear, it's a big thing that has kept my family close. We just LOVE to be together so much because we have SO MUCH FUN and love to LAUGH! My mom's a California girl all the way too. She grew up in South Pasadena (where we recently moved from) and even though she's been in Colorado for many many years, she just can't shake her laid back California ways and she NEVER wears anything but sandals. I think there was a short period in the 80's when she would wear boots in the winter, but that didn't last and to this day she still wears sandal wedges in the winter. After living in gorgeous Cali for three year
For Grungy Monday we went back in time to 2009 day 3 of the 12 tags of Christmas by Tim Holtz, and this time the technique was to create a plaid pattern with alcohol inks. I didn't use Glossy Cardstock but I used Glossy Photo paper that you can use for the laserprinter. It works just as good with the techniques that I've tried it so far, and is much more affordable :).
Blue, blue sky on Sunday
So I've compiled this list of polite ways to evade rude questions. Don't get me wrong -- it will still be obvious you're evading questions. And certainly some rude people will persist because they want to know the answer that badly. But most people will hear a polite evasion and realize that you'd rather not say. And it's a little nicer to have a polite evasion ready than just to say, "I prefer not to say," to every single question.
that should do the trick, our vet told us.
Now I've thought a lot about The Game and I'd like to write a bit about it. The Game suggests, like much else in PKD's irv, that he thought of language as living, dynamic, and capable of changing the world outside itself. Think of the T.E.N.C.H. in Maze of Death. But The Game is slightly different. It exploits an aspect of language (the fact that we have more than one word to denote something) to create recreation, a way to pass the time. Insofar as the The Game is unproductive, it is actually counterproductive, as it distracts citizens from the degraded state of the society around them; it's an opiate of the masses. I was especially struck by the example 'water sheep,' which, it turns out, is a transliteration of 'hydraulic ram.' By translating the individual words in the sentence, players of the game are able to eliminate the meaning of the sentence, thereby destroying the phrase's cohesiveness. The object of the game is then to translate the words back by apprehending the original meaning of the sentence. In other words, you begin
This is a very fine Imperial Stout. Smells of chocolate, bourbon, coffee and malt. Pours a very thin dark chocolate color with a slight off white head. It taste's exactly like it smells -- which is to my liking. Love chocolate and coffee but the bourbon flavor is very subtle and can be easily missed, a nice change up for me.
That is the intention, yes. I always use very small, sweet cameras. The fuji I used for the Sigur Rós book makes a very nice sound when you shoot with it. Almost like a toy camera. I am very intensively aware of the effects my camera has on the people I shoot photos of. That is one of the reasons why my employers often give me the "difficult" people to work with. Well, that is not too bad, because I like things to be challenging. John Lydon for example was a tough one, and recently David Attenborough wasn't exactly working along with me. While a few weeks before his brother Richard had been a real darling. All in all I got a good feeling out of it in the end. and besides: I prefer an honest bad temper over fake friendliness. Something that happens as well.
COST: Free admission.
It’s rather exciting not knowing what’s coming next. I rather think I’m made for this sort of life. Every person you meet seems to draw out a different side of you (for better or for worse). Kipling said, “If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, Or walk with kings – nor lose common touch.” It’s funny how subconsciously I’ll alter my language in order to find acceptance with my driver, or someone I meet. “Bastard,” “Bloody,” “Crap” became regular devices around the rougher types. It didn’t take me long however to figure out that it wasn’t my language that got me accepted, it was just being authentic. Thankfully I scrubbed that approach before it was too late. Truly it was God providing, not my use of colloquial language!!!
Sitting on my haunches and holding on for dear life, I was again facing the Titanic.
Most places in the itinerary were museums and there will be entrance fees so we decided not to visit them and go straight to Monas Monument.
Though my mother gets upset when I say this, my Aunt Ella was always my favorite. As a child, I clung to her, never leaving her out of my sight. You could always find me on her lap, often in between her and her acoustic guitar, or between her and a coloring book. She was the “fun” aunt. Together we danced, sung, painted, played, and laughed. Mostly, we always laughed.
It's probably important to let the police know that you have aspergers syndrome as early as possible and to ask to be able to talk in a less confrontational situation. In some cases, "taking a ride downtown" might be a safer option than trying to discuss it at the scene of the issue.
"I'll be honest with you Sierra, Everest needs a Halloween costume too" (this conversation happened on the way to Cubbies, I wish I had taped the whole thing!! Along with this precious comment was Sierra's completely speechless reaction to Miss M's news that she wasn't going to be a princess...as if there is anything else to dress up as...)
It has two versions of Looking down the ross- both are really nice AUd recordings the 2nd source is just a little more "trebly". Here's the notes from the taper and the original uploader- thanks to him
Please raise raise a pint of true session beer with me on April 7th, and hopefully many more session beers after that day.
As I walked, I was thinking the day was lost. I just wanted to get home and take a bath and eat a salad (to balance out those potato chips) and watch the opening ceremonies of the Olympics and consider it a not-significant day at all.
“Okay! Well I have to get going… see you later Chun!!” I shouted as left the building and made my way towards the musical theater.
Well that's all I got today. Plenty right? lol! Have you entered your cards in to this week's challenge? If not, you still have time. Go here to upload your card or project and remember to follow the challenge details and upload a direct link to your post else you won't be considered for this week's prize or our top 3. Mahalo for stopping by today for two posts! Hope you all have a lovely Wednesday!
But it's not because I'm cheap (Which I prefer to think of as frugal . . .)
On May 4th I will be heading up to Raleigh to go to my first appointment to start T.
Ha! YES! I am alone, but I’m not lonely. Those terms are not mutually exclusive. I don’t feel “incomplete” or “broken”. I feel awesome actually. I feel like I had to step outside of my comfort zone and see the pieces of me that needed work in order to get here. I wasn’t just fat- I was carrying baggage. Granted, everyone has baggage – but sometimes it’s not worth hanging onto any longer. The clothes I wore at 425 pounds don’t fit me. The attitudes I had about myself and others don’t fit me either. I’ve changed. Evolved. Grown emotionally.
Who goes howling without a key -
he was never a particularly cuddly baby, but he's going though a phase now to make up for it. (and i'm going to take what i can get!)
“There is no pit so deep, that God's love is not deeper still."
My husband Ben had surgery at Forrest General about two years prior to me having Reid. Everything went successfully and he had no follow-up appointments or any reason to return to that doctor in Hattiesburg Clinic . He liked his doctor and so a year and a half later when he had a completely unrelated issue, he went back to the same doctor and I happened to go with him. We were told by the receptionist not to worry about our $20 co-pay because we had a "credit" there from them overcharging us from the previous surgery because our insurance paid more than they had estimated. I asked what amount, and it was nearly $240! I demanded to know why we had not received a reimbursement check in a year and a half especially because we had no reason to return and use the credit there! If we had not just so happened to use the same doctor I don't think we would have ever found out that they owed us money!
Crumbles are one of my favorite things to eat. (But for the record, what is the difference is between a “crumble” and a “crisp”?). This French version had the added bonus of a thick eggy custard in addition to the delicious pear morsels, the sweet crumbles and the light vanilla bean ice cream.
For more information about free and easy e-book publishing and distribution through Booktango, visit www.booktango.com.
I hosted a little "Intro to Unschooling" a couple weeks ago (coinciding with the James concert because some really amazing unschooling voices were gathered together for that). I gave a little talk about some unschooling basics and then my fellow concert-goers plus Heather and TJ and Frank formed a panel for a nice little Q&A session.
His body covered in her sweat-soaked sari
Life, In Spite of MeOne January night, the seventeen-year-old decided she no longer wanted to deal with the emotional pain that smothered her. She lay down on a set of cold railroad tracks and waited for a freight train to send her to heaven…and peace.
I don’t have any real complaints.
There was a point where I was exhausted, fed up with the more than two years of attacks. Wayne and I were going into the market to get something for lunch and I remember asking, “How long do you think this is going to go on?”
After the respondents had duty filed their answer justifying the controverted act, the case was heard.
I was impressed by several things. First, each person is responsible to get to the study. There were 13 people attending. Five of their regular attendees were not present because their staff had planned a shopping trip to a larger, neighboring city. Transportation is always an issue for people who are mentally challenged. Perhaps, part of the success in their attendance is because they live in a small town. However, when week-after-week the leadership team comes, it is an impressive achievement.
We now shall have to ensure the green and yellow hair ribbons are handy in the morning and school shoes, not this weeks favourite sparkly pink numbers, are placed somewhere we can find them.
Yes, this sounds difficult, but without such action, we are heading in the very near future to a civil war that could very well be far, far worse than the breakup of Yugoslavia.
Here's what happens when you try and vacuum up styrofoam peanuts, Mr. Dyson. The peanuts get sucked into the vacuum's spinning rotors, each one disintegrates into roughly 253 peanut pieces, and then they get spit out. I watched this process in silent horror and fascination, sipping my wine, thinking Christmas is in two days and thank goodness we've been invited out.
I don't know. I guess that's why I'm just going to leave this to be my ramblings, especially if I need to vent somewhere.
THE CUTESY THING HAS A NAME. I AM DEAD NOW.
“All the liberated souls in ancient times acted with this understanding and so attained liberation. Therefore, as the ancients, you should perform your duty in this divine consciousness.” (Bg. 4.15)
Freeing the oppressed: One way of paraphrasinging this, which I rather like, is “apostling away free those who are crushed to pieces.” I particularly enjoy this because of the way that it detoxifies apostleship from its association with hierarchical superiority. The assumption of this is so strong in so much contemporary church thinking and cultural forms that continue to associate the restoration of apostleship with expectations of wealth, sumptuous offices and the power to hire and fire without recourse to consultation or justice. Then secondly it is good because it reveals the practical capacity of the incarnation to make the most broken victims of evil transcendence the primary advocates for the good. In so doing it upends the kingdoms of this world.
Luftig Building
I made the banner on my Cricut with the Alphabet Cartridge and hung it on my fireplace. I found the free printables here and I bought the shamrock at JoAnn's for $1.99! I am loving my wreath because I can add a little touch for each holiday!
* “In all institutions and workplaces, let's popularise basketball."
But after-screening anecdotes and opinions were as interesting as what was in the documentary.
That’s it. Good luck.
God is in such a good mood and He's trying to communicate that to us.
Tomorrow is the last day and we start with the final exam.
Front Inside Cover:
In Performing Prose: The Study and Practice of Style in Composition, the authors are aiming to make the abstract idea of “style” a concrete tool writers everywhere can utilize. While attempting to explain these tools, the authors use their own techniques masterfully to exhibit just how well these ideas can be executed whilst writing.
A woman is someone who has to be strong – when the man she is with needs a sparing partner.
A series of 7 negations follow in verses 5-7 which highlight the impotency of man made god’s who, precisely as creations of man, are more limited than their makers. They cannot speak, see, hear, smell, feel, walk or talk. Those who make them are like them; so are all who trust in them, i.e., useless and impotent. The irony is intense: “Just as God creates in the divine image and gradually shapes in the divine semblance, so idols reduce their adherents to nothingness” (Konrad Schaefer, PSALMS, pg 284). For other OT polemics against idols see (Jer 10:1-16; Isa 40:18-20; 41:6-7; 44:9-20; Wis 13:10-15:17).
South Korea has a rich history spanning 3000 years or more. Today Seoul has nearly 25 million inhabitants and after the Korean War (1950-1953) the country quickly recovered and became one of the major financial and manufacturing hubs in the world. These two pictures were taken from the Seoul Tower and one from Rick.
Perhaps life is all this "meant to be".
I did a little research and found that you can still get these but the price is higher. Target has them for the lowest price, around $25 online but I’d call before heading out to your local store to make sure they carry them and that the price is good. They were $44 at other stores online like walmart. Or wait for a yard sale, for some reason people like to get rid of these, little do they know how handy they can be!
Soak tamarind in water for about 20 - 30 minutes. Pulp tamarind to thick juice, if required add more water to extract tamarind juice and set them aside.
Place: Near Abacos, Northern Bahamas
Ryan Grantham ... Tim Wallace
A ceramic artist had made birdbaths so beautifully mounted on little tree trunk poles. I had to have the fish one. Because we are going to be on the garden tour and need beautiful objects to keep up with all those fancy gardens I’ve toured in the cities.
Rapace remains the singular highlight of the series as she elevates her Salander performance taking the character to places only hinted at in the first film. While Nyqvist still feels like a non-presence, at least this time, he is still the ineffectual “male lead” relegated to a supporting role in the events of the film. The cast and the world of the film are blown out which is good for the scope and revelations that aid to the story but the film feels hard-pressed to keep up and the entire enterprise feels pushed to the seams. Like the other stories in the series, there is still a large concentration on sex crimes and violence towards women that almost bordered on an obsession with Larsson. Because of that obsession, Larsson created one of the strongest female characters in modern fiction that rose from the ashes of brutal violence. The Girl Who Played with Fire sheds light on the character’s dark past but the lack of focus makes her more of an enigma than she really should be. It’s only through the brave performance by Rapa
I have stewed and stewed over this race recap, and I figured there is just no way I can explain to you the experience, so I'll just give you the best overview I can. The New Years Double was thought up, developed, and directed by a friend of mine, Libby Jones (no we're not related!). Two races - New Years Eve and New Years Day. Four distances - 5k, 2-person Half Marathon Relay, Half Marathon, and Marathon. You could do any combination of the available distances on the available days.
in what today
Kimberly Tallbear, University of California, Berkeley
I have battled with being overweight for most of my life, but finally, I have found something that works for me! I have had really good results losing weight with Take Shape For Life, featuring Medifast, a meal replacement weight loss program. As a result, I have decided to become a certified Take Shape For Life weight-loss coach and help others who want to achieve a healthy weight and lifestyle.
Thankfully my mum was able to call CAA and they showed up fairly quickly. After much berating and head shaking from every man who passed me standing by my car I finally was able to grab my keys, pay for my gas and drive away as quickly as possible. Special thanks to my mum who came to keep me company while I waited.
So bravely let go
“We’ve seen the consequences of a government which is out of touch but how do political parties stay in touch? The conversation in your house, in your street, your neighbourhood is a conversation that the Labour Party is having too.
It will be better to try and clear through the unresolved memory or feeling in yourself before playing it out with somebody else. 2012 emotions are very heightened, as we are each moving fast through multiple timelines in ourselves, yet rarely at the same place as each other at the same time. Clashes can easily occur because everyone is feeling more passionately, yet we are all also more in our own worlds and personal timelines than ever before. So trying to replay the past with other people, in order to seek resolution, can spectacularly backfire on you in times like these.
there are also many other delicious summery options that come to mind such as replacing:
A group of caring and motivated people here on the sunny Gold Coast organised a fashion show to raise funds to assist in the rebuilding stage for the victims of this terrible event. Established and emerging local designers teamed with stunning models, make up artists and the wonderful crew at The Temple Lounge Bar, to create an evening of swirling colour, music and performances of traditional Japanese dance. The clothing was simply fantastic, great colours, fabrics with texture and luminance and new, innovative cuts.
*Note this list is not defacto complete but I’ve tried to include the largest gaming sites in it.
The torte was seriously great with each component a poem in itself and I was actually pretty proud of my execution as even those who usually never eat cakes took a slice of it at the get together. Who doesnt like to hear others gushing about their hard work :)
Nor did it give any further details of Lord Saville's report, which is based on 12 years of hearings and deliberation.
Kang: All right, then. No abortions for anyone!
The half-built structure, which looms high above other homes on 35th St., is hidden behind wooden boards.
I can't imagine any sane person telling any of the first three Marys any of these things. Why is the fourth case any different?
mouth. And then I was halved,
If you are interested in being interviewed for LIFE WORK BALANCES, or if you have any feedback please feel free to email lifeworkbalances@gmail.com
Then my husband came to the rescue and said, "Why don't you just add those button things?"
5) Twist (be as creative as you like)
In science, establishing something as a fact is a daunting process. First you need convincing experimental data. Then you need to establish the reliability of your data by repeating the experiment several times and getting the same results. Then other scientists will "peer review" your experiment by trying to duplicate the results. Or, more likely, by trying to disprove your results.
Then TEST.
1/2 tablespoon of sesame oil
— Be judicious about naming criminal suspects before the formal filing of charges.
Bloom: Hydrangea, Camellia, Azalea. In that order ;)
1) Begin by making the spiced butter. Combine all ingredients together and put in fridge to solidify.
On the evening of February 13th we flew to Dunedin, arriving at around 9pm. We picked up our rental car and found a motel in Mosgiel for the night. In the morning we were up before the lark and on the road to Lawrence before 7am. It took about an hour of easy driving to reach our destination, through open farmland, and then winding gorges. And there it was. We peered in the windows, finally tearing ourselves away to go for some breakfast and coffee, and a wander up and down the main street.
A movie about which I know only the producer, Timur Bekmambetov (who directed the excellent Wanted), the tagline (“There’s a reason we’ve never gone back to the moon.”), and very little else. Could be good, right?
He had his seatbelt on that tight he was bleedin’ from the hip
Okay, so mine is Durkee brand. Can I fool myself into thinking it’s NOT 15 years old?
SUCH AS:
1/2 cup almond meal/flour*
I got to about 237 without mishap, then THWAP! steel hammer, finger. I'd been doing that tough, manly, two strike routine, none of that girly tap-tap-tapping.. a tap to set the tip into the wood, a thwack! to drive it all the way home.
Death Cab for Cutie: Codes and Keys
And this is supposed to strengthen the peace in Northern Ireland? If this is the logic behind the Boston College subpoenas then truly the lunatics are now running the asylum.
Drop all the unpeeled cloves into boiling water for no more than a minute, to loosen the skins. Drain and cool enough to handle, then peel. Heat 1 cup of apple cider vinegar in a pan with a good pinch of saffron and a tablespoon of sugar. Boil for a couple of minutes. Put the garlic cloves into jars with some fennel seeds, peppercorns and a bay leaf. Pour over the hot vinegar to cover the garlic and seal. That's it..... Bon appetit!
Neol saranghage dwaebeorin nan ije deo isang
Unlike the Norkfolk State players, hitters like Tomo Delp, .281 for the season with four home runs, had great patience with the pitches he received, which allowed him to hit a double and eventually reach third with a steal at the bottom of the fourth.
Larry Clark (1 gelatin silver, 1972-1973)
The devil is in the detail here, and because of the confidentiality agreements that Elsevier insists on, it is very hard to find out the detail. So let me start by asking an obvious question: if the pricing policy is so reasonable, then why keep it confidential? Is it not healthy for academics to know how much their libraries are spending for their benefit, and what they are getting for the money, and what other deals would have been possible?
The other great thing about this clear and concise piece is that it allows the GM to SEE what the player is thinking and a great tool for adventures, confrontations, and other role-playing tidbits.
THE WORK AHEAD OF US
And all the friends that i was telling
Perhaps I’m feeling reflective since I am five days away from walking in my own graduation ceremony. Yes, indeed. Five days. Kinda freaky if you ask me. Five years have gone by in the snap of my fingers. Seriously, it feels like it has gone by like a breeze, and I’m feeling appreciative of all the people I have met in those years. Whether they stayed my friend for years to follow, or if they were a buddy when we were in class together, if we dated or if we merely flirted, or if we made out like mad at that one party back in my sophomore year…however I met you, I’m thankful for knowing all these people.
There ya go!
Look, I love Scratch Acid. I saw Scratch Acid and they were fucking fabulous. Not to take anything away from Rey Washam, who's just a supreme fucking drummer. But what Orestes is doing on the verse, he's basically playing an entirely separate line that's not really connected. He's not in 3/4, he's not playing with us, and when he comes back with us he starts playing in a different time signature against us. I don't think Rey really did shit like that. Rey had a different kind of attack and a different way of going about it.
I got over my fear of a body part being on the cover, I didn’t want it to be sexual in any way, but I don’t think this is sexual really. Apart from my debilitating phobia of feet I like it. Please let me know what you think, thanks.
Heartbeat is a Love beat -- Delfranco Family
Start Date: May 15, 2012
Paper Craft Planet (Scrappy Sunday) is featuring Noell Hyman who runs Paperclipping.com. Noell provided videos for each of the challenges for the month of March. There is still time to head over to PCP and check out the challenge -- play the video and make a page following the flexible template directions.
Despite this I got a delicious pint of the Mallinsons Nelson Sauvin. They are making a determined bid for my 2012 top ten, having been a kind of begrudging choice in the past, whether by fault or accident. The Nelson Sauvin was a great chance to separate the flavour of the hop, which I was now clear didn't have the acidic, chemical bite of Simcoe.
My main project for today is an awesome kraft wreath. I used the Daddy's Girl function key and did the scalloped shape on page 68. I cut a ton of these. In order to make these work, you need a relatively thin paper. I found cheap shipping paper at the Dollar Tree and it was the perfect thickness. I cut the roll into 12x12 sections. I set the dial at 2" and did autofill. I cut several sheets this way.
Beat butter and sugar until light and fluffy (about 3 minutes on high speed). Mix in mesquite flour. Optionally, mix in milk a little bit at a time until the frosting has a consistency you like. Spread or pipe on cooled cupcakes.
regardless of the desire and spirituality of the individual himself. We have to explore our individual Jewish identification not as the verdict of these external forces, but as the conscious decision of the individual himself based on his intellectual understanding of the history of the Jewish people and their unique role in the advancement of the ideas of “A Better World” for every human being. We have to create our own individual programs of being Jewish, work on their implementation and enjoy it.
The combination of fresh goat cheese, sweet strawberries, black pepper and balsamic vinegar is simply delicious. Not only did I enjoy my late lunch, I enjoyed even more reading Dorie’s story of how she stumbled upon the recipe. (The ingredients – baguette, soft goat cheese, ripe strawberries – toppled out of her flimsy grocery bag when she set it on the counter after returning home from the boulevard Raspail market one day.) I’m so glad I finally took this book down from the shelf. I have a feeling it won’t find it’s way back there anytime soon.
Before this, the men had lined up and raced 10,000 Meters. Stanford was both a favorite for the team, having been ranked #1 all year, and the individual with undefeated Chris Derrick having beaten last years runner-up Sam Chelanga of Liberty at Pre-Nats.The race started the same way it did last year with Chelanga exploding from the start. A good pack tucked in behind him and hoped he would come back to them as he did last year and this year at Pre-Nat's. He didn't. Chelanga continued his blistering pace and extended his lead over the chase pack which, in addition to Derrick, included David McNeill (NAU) and Barnabas Kirui (Miss.). Scanning the pack it was becoming clear that Stanford was way out of the running with Derrick's usual support cast (mainly Elliott Heath) nowhere in sight. BYU held a very early lead but it was clear that the Cowboys of Oklahoma State were running tightly knit close behind. There was no sign of German Fernandez up front, but Colby Lowe was right up there and running strong. Chelanga never faltered and ran a
Yes I know, the black barstools don’t go with the room anymore. But it’s January and it’s too cold to paint. I’ll spray them a fun color this summer when my Dad visits. Or better yet, purchase these.
I have a body that I am commanded to respect and love, and I have a responsibilty to teach 5 young girls about healthy bodies, Godly images, and what is tasteful and not. Not to mention I'm also called to set a presidence for what my son will look for someday. It's a high calling.
So if you can browse my webgallery once a week you will always find something new although I have to figure out also how to add the little flashy tag "new" next to a tab (lot of learning to do during the process).
But one thing we got wind of that wasn’t bullshit was that our future husbands were going to be filming the video for their song “Shadrach” at The Country Club in Reseda, and they needed people to come because it was going to be a concert video. Raina and I were all over that action. We planned for days what we were going to wear, deciding that we were going to dress nicely, so we wouldn’t be mistaken for the dumb sluts that let the Beastie Boys pour honey all over them backstage, like in the Licensed to Ill video. They had matured since then, too, so they wouldn’t be interested in the same lame girls. We would show them that we were TRUE fans and had class, and the new mustard colored middy shirt I got on Melrose and my black skirt would be perfect.
“I first had craft beer in a can six or seven years ago while visiting my sister in Colorado,” he explains. “Not surprisingly, it was Oskar Blues Dale's Pale Ale. I remember thinking, ‘Pale Ale in a can?’ Then I bought some just to see what it was all about. I was amazed at its freshness and depth of flavor, so from that point I was hooked.”
Booktalk: Use this lively book for Cinco de Mayo next week and march to the music!
Cuss words are guy terms of endearment. (What up bleep face!)
All these ideas were shot down during the design conceptualization meeting with my son.
Before you accuse me of exploiting the chimp, please be informed that he receives a generous stipend for his pains. He is ungrateful in spite of it, continually whining about the inconvenience of being my receptionist and so forth. His latest complaint is that women have been sending revealing photos of themselves to my number.
16. Elis - Phoenix From The Ashes
Story’s within story’s, and sometimes you just have to write the easy with the rough,
And actually, I'm going to give today's platform to them, because they interviewed me and the gist of it is over on the Cat's Rrar blog. So, all I'll do is thank them very much and also publish Douglas's incredibly perceptive and well-written review. You'll be amazed that he's only 16.
Dear Girl In The Cupcake Shop,
Got any simple to make recipe recs for farmers market fare for me? Please do share! And maybe I'll see you guys around at TheHFM sometime!
July 21-31: Songs written and recorded the day of. Can be any genre, but can’t be able to be categorized in the other schedule bits.
I imagine that many people will say that the BNP are 'right-wing' because of the party's opposition to immigration. Conversely, I would argue that importing unskilled labour to artificially suppress wages is itself fundamentally 'right-wing'. The fact is that politicians have, for years, brazenly stated that 'immigrants do the jobs which Britons are too lazy to do'. The reality is that the wages offered are below the market-clearing equilibrium or, more likely, that the benefit system interferes with the labour market.
One more round of thanks and then I have to go tend to the other tradition-- making a dark chocolate raspberry cake with fresh whipped cream. Parenting-- as I don't have to tell those of you with kids-- is really the most humbling activity in which one can partake. To say I made a few errors along the way is like saying... oh somebody help me here, what's a ridiculous funny analogy? Uh... well it's to say that Springsteen wrote an occasional decent song here and there. The mistakes I made using my patented Error & Error Parenting Technique (TM) could fill many tomes. Along the way so many of you stuck by us, helped me through the first shitty divorce, the second shitty divorce, and many questionable decisions in between. I thank you more than you can ever know.
I now was chatting about the magazine being
Well that was thoroughly unnecessary. But I thought I’d share. And I suppose since this is my first post, I’ll give a short introduction to what I’m doing with my life and why I would even consider assuming a blog is a good idea.
Red eyes that made my blood turn cold.
Aromas of acidic sourness with medicinal cheese and soy sauce. The beer was well balanced with some nice oak, fermented simple malty grain notes and a dominant sourness.
I went back inside and walked out on the back porch. Thinking I might be able to befriend it (hey, I’ve seen Charlotte’s Web), I carefully and quietly tip-toed to the corner of the house so I could peek around and see how friendly this cow looked. Maybe it would sweetly follow me to the barbed wire, and I could somehow convince it to go back to freedom. Yeah, right. As I peeked around the corner of the house, I couldn’t see it at first. I thought it may have somehow hopped the brick wall back into the pasture, but I suddenly realized it was so white, it was blending in with my white house (cut me some slack: it was nine o’clock at night). When my eyes finally focused on it, I let out a little “Oh!” That doggone animal’s ears perked up, she (or was it a he?) let out a moo like a battle cry, and hightailed it…straight at me!!! I haven’t run that fast in awhile; don’t laugh: cows are huge animals.
She was beautiful and frail, very childlike but on the brink of feminist womanhood. She could be sweet and affectionate or violent and aggressive, often without warning.
I’m thinking of Alex Roe’s bravery in putting on such a potentially controversial play in this day and age (his Uncle Tom’s Cabin is on the boards at Metropolitan Playhouse through December 12). But it occurs to me that the tone of Kipling’s line is also more than a little relevant to the cultural product at hand. Both “Gunga Din” and Harriet Beecher Stowe’s novel and its many theatrical adaptations share a point of view we today recognize immediately as patronizing, an attitude not far in spirit from “Good dog!”
Blend all the ingredients together, drizzling in olive oil until a paste consistency is reached. Pour into a clean jar and cover the top with olive oil. Will keep in the fridge for at least a month.
and a coyote symphony
I have an announcement!
I am taking my vitamin C and echinacea but this one came out of nowhere with no advance warning so I am just hoping to lessen the symptoms.
The story is told by a forty-four-year-old man writing on 1st August 1979 looking back to when he was a boy. Most of the story concentrates on when he was twelve and thirteen but he does jump about a bit in fact the narrator’s quirky perception of time is one of the delights to this piece. The story itself – a fictionalised memoir – is quite straightforward but he tells the story as he remembers things and this necessitates leaps in time and breaks in the narrative. What he’s really doing is putting off saying what he has to say because no amount of context is going to change it or the effect what is going to happen / has happened has had / will have on his life. If you can picture a forty-four-year-old man looking back to when he was a twelve-year-old who’s looking forward to when he’ll be thirteen you’ve probably got the right kind of mindset for this book. Of course we remember things differently as we age. Here’s a good example:
The song is only half as good as it should be, which is exactly why ShareBuds exist.
7And I heard another out of the altar say, Even so, Lord God Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.
So be earnest, and repent.
I am thoroughly dreading what they’re going to do with the return of Rose…
You don't want your sample pages to be:
-we get many hugs from you daily as well and we adore them! You especially like to give them to us right after you have gotten in trouble for doing something naughty.....kiss up:) It kills me when I have to tell you I don't want your hug and you still have to go to time out. Secretly I want to cuddle you as much as I can and not punish you.
multiple values Typically rhythmic-melodic speech in a hebephrenic schizophrenic; Ecstatically emotive artificial language in a chronic paranoid; Sonorous artificial language (Schizophrenia); Sitting with 'Betty', rec. London, 1987
Here is the new Dreadskull counter I am working on... from a distance it looks like a blood splat when placed next to your model! (I also include goblin green in the printable PDF). Incidentally, all the new counters use symbols, not words- a nod to all my international playtesters (thanks guys and girls! Merci, Danker, Gratzi, cheers, er... skol... no thats not right... anyway... counters...)
A detailed accounting of the reasons for such highly questionable restrictions on liberty should be required to be made known to all.
Look at that form!!!
Michigan Avenue modifications
I like snakes. I mean, not in a creepy way or anything, but snakes don't really freak me out. If I were to see one, I might point and say, "Oh, a snake." If it was a poisonous snake, I might up that to "OH! A SNAKE!" (Snakes that I find in my closet are a different story because snakes don't belong in the closet. I have permission to freak out a tiny bit when I find a little baby snake in the closet.) I am not skeeved out by holding snakes. Their bumpy-yet-smooth, cool-to-the-touch exterior actually feels kind of neat. I like snakes. I really do. I would consider a pet snake if my Hubby wasn't so freaked out by them.
Paul seems to also be using the text from Leviticus 6:18, that “Whatever touches them shall be holy,” to form this analogy of first fruits. We can see it in his various texts when he refers to the first fruits.
Most of the time, it's fun.
But it was allowed to shape you heart
Ha! What suckers we were to believe David Thompson and the DLP about “guaranteed” green space.
Lots going on... no time to stop and post on the blog... here are a few snapshots:
Description: Improvements include: resurfacing WIS 66 (formerly County P); resurfacing WIS 34 between Edgewood Place and the WIS 34/66 intersection; and replacing four bridges on WIS 66. Crews will also install rumble strips along the centerline of WIS 66 (Portage County line to County HH) and along the centerline and shoulders of WIS 66 (WIS 34 to the Portage County line). The rumble strips are designed to reduce run-off-the road crashes.
since their words
Special Features...
And returned to me my feeling.
Now, that doesn’t mean simply selling DI. It’s about making a commitment to employers and individuals that you will be there in their time of need. It is not a case of “sell it and forget it,” but making a promise to be indispensable. Who else is going to offer that to these clients and prospects?
One of the things I came to realise afterwards, was there seems to be very little good tattoo photography about. There are millions of photos on the web, but most are very amateur. It seemed odd to me that people can pay hundreds of pounds, even thousands, for their tattoos, and yet the best photo they have of them was taken on a phone or a cheap camera in poor lighting.
At this time around 2 pm I already saw that the FRU are planning for the tear gas firing. They already were in formation- I recognised it, thanks to my experience joining the Reformasi rally years ago. I asked one Uncle standing beside me:
Something which is described as "aldehydic" smells fatty, watery or a bit like a "snuffed candle". The most tangible example of the smell of aldehyde is the scent of steam emanating from an iron as it glides across a shirt. Chanel N°5 contains an overdose of aldehyde and is a benchmark for this quality in perfumery.
It’s another recess week for our lazy leaders. Oh, sorry: “Constituent Work Week” is what they’re calling it these days, as if lawmakers were filling potholes and making calls to Social Security rather than raising campaign cash.
I can’t help it–it’s just the way I am.
Your doctor may prescribe medication for depression or anxiety problems. Try not to be scared of this or to see it as some kind of defeat. Acknowledging your problems and taking steps to solve them is a very positive thing to do. Medication is a personal choice. Some prefer not to use it, while others swear by it. It can help you cope in the short term, to feel more balanced, relaxed and in control, and leave you more receptive to longer term treatment like counselling and other therapies.
Then we went to the tractor pull. The tractor pull was Nolan's FAVORITE part of the fair. He thought it was hilarious when the horses would start to pull. You can't see it in this picture, but the horses were really pulling an old pick-up truck with weight in it. Horses pulling a truck? Nolan thought it was great and it kept him entertained through a whole weight class.
Pardon me while I wipe the spittle off my monitor and breathe in. And out. And in.
Someone planted a seed in me throughout my growing years, and those weren’t by accident but guided by God. Someone planted, someone watered, and someone harvested. Unlike gardening, I may not see the results from my work—if they flowered, or if the last frost before spring froze the buds off the tree. Things happen sometimes that make us question God’s ways or get angry or sad. The seeds of some may not take root…ever.
putt all the fruits together in a saucepan, add 1 cup pf water, 3-4 tbsf sugar, a pinch of salt and stew covered for 15 min. You will see it turning jamish in a short time. Add water if it sticks. But you do want a bit of stickiness. It is a jam after all. Keep mashing till you get a jam like consistency.
Finding that there was not much iron ore in the mine in Mahugwi they wanted to go to Mount Wedza where there was plenty, but his family refused, because they saw that after moving there other people from different places would come and live in their country and the chieftainship would be taken as had happened when he went to Zululand. When Tingini heard this he agreed for them to remain and they lived there for many years until he died.
A number of folks I know tire of the kid-friendly policy there. Not me. While I find the uncontrolled playground atmosphere during the early dinner hours distracting, I also feel that it’s great that we have places where kids can see adults drinking responsibly. And I’m a sucker for a little one’s laugh. So, that’s not a problem for me.
And immediately she fell at his feet and breathed her last, and the young men came in and found her dead, and they carried her out and buried her beside her husband.
2. A host cell according to claim 1 wherein the cell is selected from the group consisting of: a bacterium, a cyanobacterium, a filamentous fungus and a yeast.
Night: 2 tbsp brown rice with lot of dal and beetroot fry
(with a small laugh), No. I mean do what's necessary.
When I started this series I wanted them to have something of me in the text. Hand writing is something like a finger print after all. It’s imperfect, but as I look at them I think I can learn to live with it. I have to – I can’t nit-pick forever!
Until then, Cube Entertainment will be releasing various teasers as well as consistent updates on the girls’ progress towards the album’s release. The first teaser image will be unveiled on May 3rd via A-Pink’s official website.
But I’m beginning to prattle on. Thank you Dora. And thank you for your blog. And thank you for tuning into my son and my struggle, and “getting” why it can be so hard. When I started this blog, I didn’t want it to be just about autism, though I find myself returning to that topic more than any other. I’ve come to believe that’s because Jonah fascinates and astounds (and stupefies and overwhelms) me on a daily basis.
First I found two bowls in my kitchen. One was slightly bigger than the other. I traced the smaller bowl first then traced the larger bowl around it. I cut both out create a wreath form. It doesn't matter if it's perfect or not because you are going to cover it up.
I’ve been sitting here for an hour trying to figure out how to describe this book without giving key plot points away. It is a hell of a great sci-fi adventure novel with equal parts action, horror, mystery, and some genuinely funny moments that combine to make a great ride.
My muse has been after me for a while, telling me to write, although I’ve resisted listening. My last post, So You Want to Write A Novel?, represents my beginning attempt to simplify into a plan of action, the baby steps to building a manuscript. The outline will expand as my knowledge expands.
Why do I even get stressed about these things?
I didn't know what to say. So I pulled over to the side of the road and just held her while she cried on my shoulder.
Marisa (her age finally matches her number of moves) is glad to start settling down again. Her schedule is mostly empty and she is enjoying that time. She is trying to find homes for all the boxes and is getting rid of a lot. “If I have not used it by now – WE DO NOT NEED IT!” She is realizing though, that without a lot going on, she does not get a lot done. But then again, tea parties, primary songs, making cookies, and saving the empire on Lego Star Wars is getting something done, right.
It’s fair for opinion to be divided here, but I’m not so sure most audiences members picked up on Weaver’s voice earlier in the film. A lot of people didn’t even recognize her when she narrated Planet Earth (me included). And anyway, it’s Sigourney Weaver. She’s awesome.
Stuck for writing ideas? Use the following idea as a spark for inspiration – change the point of view, create a character, situation and conflict, strike up any genre that suits and keep developing and writing!
This failure to control costs means that the law will add significantly to the already-crushing burden of government spending, taxes, and debt. According to the CBO, Obamacare will cost $1.76 trillion by 2022. To be fair, some media outlets misreported this new estimate as a doubling of the law’s originally estimated cost of $940 billion. In reality, most of the increased cost estimate is the result, not of increased programmatic costs, but of an extra two years of implementation. Still, many observers warned at the time that the original $940 million estimate was misleading because it included only six years of actual expenditures, with the ten-year budget window. The new estimate is, therefore, a more accurate measure of how expensive this law will be. Yet even this estimate covers only eight years of implementation. And it leaves out more than $115 billion in important implementation costs, as well as costs of the so-called doc fix. It also double-counts Social Security taxes and Medicare savings. Some studies suggest a better e
“I wasn’t alone.” Naida was looking up and smiling, it was the first sign of warmth he had seen on her face. Real warmth, Derrek knew instantly, even with such a short sentence, it was someone that meant the world to her. There was also a trace of sadness on her face, whoever it was gone, or worse. “I probably wouldn’t have been able to sleep if I was.”
More on the subject of meeting my biological parents over on the weekend, when I’ll have more time.
08. Jack Of All Trades
Their statements hardly represent an overwhelming desire to spend NY State public taxpayer funds on the Kahn/FDR memorial Boondoggle. Why does Ms. Lappin make the FDR Memorial such a New York City Council funding priority over local Roosevelt Island organizations?
It seems car buyers believe Crossovers, SUVs and 4x4s are suited to their lifestyle and are now a consideration as they become financially viable. The Nissan Qashqai’s amazing success is a good example.
2007: Mary is accused of being a sexual predator and loses her job. She faces 3 years in State Prison. Johnny undergoes 5 years of therapy. Johnny’s parents sue the school for negligence and the teacher for emotional trauma and win both cases. Mary, jobless and indebted, commits suicide by jumping off of a tall building. When she lands, she hits a car and also damages a potted pot. The car’s owner and the plant’s owner sue Mary’s estate for destruction of property. They both win.
As a bi-product of creating the new pasture, Sergio also took on a partner and entered the charcoal production business. The wood that is not suitable for lumber is used to make charcoal in clay ovens. Once this wood is added to the oven it takes around 12 hours to turn into charcoal and remains in the oven for an additional six to ten hours before it can be removed. The ranch is currently operating 60 ovens. Under their arrangement Sergio’s partner was responsible for clearing all the land and they split the profits in half on any wood that could be used as lumber, but the partner receives all the profits from the charcoal production. They are currently in year three of a four year contract. The charcoal is used in factories involved with steel production.
With that said, the following is our e-Christmas card, for which I refused to pose, by always walking toward the camera. Maybe I’ll change my mind when I am amidst all the wrapping paper that once covered the gifts.
In looking at the many beliefs concerning Lilith, one common thread remains clear… she did not answer to any man or God. Even when she was threatened and given ultimatums, she chose her own path. It can be argued that there are so many accounts of Lilith that knowing the true one would be impossible. However, it can also be argued that these many stories have more similarities than differences. It is in those similarities that we may find the answer to this mysterious woman.
M8: 10:29
Without much ado, it now sits on my select shelf ready to be borrowed to anyone even remotely interested… I promise you won’t be able to put it down once you pick it up!
“Midtown Mantra” – A Poem in Song
For my colleagues, so they know how much I appreciate their growing confidence and support in me. Your adventures are mine, too. We are a team!
p153-4 “…it is not inadmissible to think of an epoch, and an epoch not too far distant, when humanity to ensure its survival, will find itself reduced to desisting from any further ‘making’ of history in the sense in which it began to make it from the creation of the first empires, will confine itself to repeating prescribed archetypal gestures, and will strive to forget, as meaningless and dangerous, any spontaneous gesture which might entail ‘historical’ consequences.”
The last thing I erased from my calendar was my birthday. I figured it could be cancelled. I stopped aging at 29 anyways. It didn't really work. No one believes I am 29 anymore.
I plan to brew a couple of session beers next. I think I'll replicate my last Porter recipe, first. I've tweaked my "Sherpa Porter" recipe over the years, and now it's just about perfect. The last batch was loved by one and all who tried it. Following-up with a Kölsch would be nice. Having a Kölsch right at the start of warm weather gets me thinking of Summer.
On most birthdays, I am reflective. I look back on the past year and find fault in nearly everything I have done and promise not to make the same mistakes.
2012 Numbers
The Pinks had standardized testing last week. Their teachers strongly suggest that the kids get a good night's sleep and eat a healthy breakfast.
As I am far from being integrated, this will stay this way if or until that day arrives. I put Thale to rest in this post, but there are others. Also, by relieving Thale of her pain, I took on her pain. Her pain became mine. So no, the Healing Powers of God Party hasn’t taken place yet. And somehow I doubt there will be one defining moment where all my sorrows and pain are put to rest. My healing doesn’t work that way. I know what I have to do, and it will be difficult.
I encourage you - do not allow the fear of what could might possibly maybe happen prevent you from ever trying!
I was really glad to take some time last week to make a few cards and free my mind to think creatively, after so many days of analytical thinking. To touch paper, fibres, fabric, and letters instead of the keyboard. To let my mind go abstract places instead of prescribed pathways.
1 The New York Times on Philippines overtaking India as the world’s top call centre. Americans calling the customer service lines of their airlines, phone companies and banks are now more likely to speak to Mark in Manila than Bharat in Bangalore. Over the last several years, a quiet revolution has been reshaping the call center business: the rise of the Philippines, a former US colony that has a large population of young people who speak lightly accented English and, unlike many Indians, are steeped in American culture. More Filipinos — about 400,000 — than Indians now spend their nights talking to mostly American consumers. The jobs have come from the US, Europe and, to some extent, India as outsourcers followed their clients to the Philippines. India, where offshore call centers first took off in a big way, fields as many as 350,000 call center agents, according to some industry estimates. The Philippines, which has a population one-tenth as big as India’s, overtook India this year, according to Jojo Uligan, executive dire
hospital’s narcotic
Layer 2: Background
I'm trying to use what I have in the craft room instead of always
“Western officials stress that the sanctions and an earlier embargo against Syrian oil imports are intended to target the country’s government and business elite, rather than ordinary people. But the measures have fueled a succession of fiscal shocks that are being felt across the Syrian economy, so far without directly endangering Assad’s 12-year rule, analysts say. These include not only a jump in consumer prices but a sharp drop in the value of the Syrian pound. Wages have stayed stagnant.” – Washington Post 4/24/2012
so i am feeling better today. thanks to you and candy and savory cheesecake. oh, and jason segal. because really, any movie written by him will make me laugh.
At the conservative blog Hot Air, the blogger "The Other McCain" had sympathy for James' position.
Today, make sure that the fruit that comes from your life is positive. Make sure that you are making a positive impact on people’s lives, that you are turning people to the Lord and not leaving them hurt and confused. People are looking at you to see what type of fruit you are bearing.
It panned out because he landed some financial partners who also love the area, including Matt Kruger of Chicago and Connecticut's Clifford Mallory and Konrad Wos.
I’m trying not to take it personally.
In the late 20th century, a Weed Creature was sucked up by a Euro Sea Gas rig. It enslaved Oak and Quill (and later Robson and Van Lutyens) and used them to take over the refinery and rigs. It planned to eventually conquer Earth, but was defeated by the Doctor, who used a recording of Victoria Waterfield's screams to destroy its nerve centre.
Guy Kawasaki
I like to think one of the things my cycling does for me is increase my perceptiveness. I just tend to notice things more when I’m pedaling away. I guess I have to for the sake of my bones NOT getting broken or other painful happenings in that category.
Well, another hockey regular-season has come to an end, and I think I have watched more hockey this year than any other year in my entire life, and a large portion of that is due to the help of the NHL Network :) The NHL Playoffs get underway tonight, with Sidney Crosby and Kris Letang in the lineup for the Pittsburgh Penguins (let’s go PENS!) as they face off against rival Philadelphia Flyers … what more could a hockey fan ask for? Well, to photograph it – of course.
Any suggestions, if they continue to miss out my bin?
I want to suggest that you attempt to rid as many processed and packaged foods from your diet as possible, and replace them with a diet replete with natural foods. By natural foods, I mean food that humans evolved to benefit from: fruits, vegetables, some whole grains and meat from animals that are fed grass (not grains and antibiotics). To eat this way requires making a commitment to shop smart and to cook smart. These are both challenging and exciting activities that might help you organize an emotionally satisfying life beyond the grasp of your sugar addiction.
After visiting Dad last week in Tullahoma, Betsy and I decided to swing by Rutledge Falls on our way home. We had been there a couple of years ago, but thought since we’ve had a pretty wet year that there might be more water this time. We were right.
If admission of errors in doctrine and action is made openly, a stronger case for the merits of Christianity can be made as well. Moreover, such errors and resulting offenses are evident in the history of all the Abrahamic religions, and though mostly ended for the Jews when their theocratic nationhood ended shortly after Jesus’ ministry, it continues in Islam, stronger every day. Similarly, though the litany of whitey’s crimes is now recited by 8-year-olds in every school between Berlin and Auckland, Whites under African or Muslim rule, whether as slaves or just minority prey, have suffered more than Africans or Muslims have suffered under White rule. Had Africa invaded Europe in the 18th-19th centuries rather than Europe Africa, neither this computer nor this writer could have existed.
Pay Attention.
This was the first time she was seeing David in a movie since...well, since interacting with the real David.
the contents were poured into the dog bin. She would gradually work her way
To a wedding day
If you see the ring/square/sawtooth combination, you can most certainly expect within usually 2 days or less …. TORNADOES at (or very close to 50 miles or less) the epicenter of each signature.
We found the following silent movie to be very informative. It tells about mould growth and the conditions that would encourage that. The most fascinating part for us is to see the individual mould spores shown under the microscope, which we could not see using the magnifying glass:
I trimmed the image around the frame, added small pearls to the neck of the dressform, and a small cream rose, and black ribbon. Then I tipped the edges of the card with my Color Box Chalk Cats Eye Ink Pad in Dark Moss.
Here is an original French ad for the antique outdoor garden chair:
The answer is "yes". Sometimes I swirl the dark into the light, other times I pull it in. It depends on the area and what I'm blending. With hair I almost always pull in varying length strokes to give that sort of texture to the final piece. For faces, I nearly always swirl. For the rest, it's more of a combination of the two, following the line of the image from where I want the darkest part of the shadow to the lightest part. It's one of those things that takes practice to see how the final product is going to look.
The misty landscape and soft focus look added an ethereal atmosphere to Romanshorn. I reckoned we were the only visitors there during that time because the locals kept staring at us. Maybe they thought we were lost, hehe.
When we arrived at 11.15am everyone had been waiting around for 45 minutes for Police or Mainroads or someone to come and block the road off. Unfortunately, Police didn’t arrive until 11.30am and cars had been driving through the mess for quite a while. We got some fantastic interviews from two extremely angry people whose cars had around 1-2 inches of tar/gravel attached to their tires. I don’t blame them for being so furious considering how hard a time the workmen were having getting it off the tires. Another woman who didn’t want to go on camera was on work time and her 2-year-old car had scratches down the side of it from where the road had pulled up and scratched it.
Last night I went to see the guys from Good Fucking Design Advice speak at AIGA Oklahoma. I almost asked Brian and Jason for a photo but after embarrassing myself in front of Pinterest's Ben Silbermann I decided to play it cool by saying something lame like "Hey. I'm looking forward to your presentation." One of the most fascinating part of this presentation was learning that it was these guys' first!
2 voice
I just want to thank all of our readers and growing community here
Can creativity be taught?
A jolly outing today with friend, G, to the small cathedral city of Ripon - a mere twenty five miles away. It is a blowy, stormy, sometimes-wet, sometimes-sunny day and quite cold with it and, as with all cathedrals, the wind really whistles round.
Cast of Saved By the Bell
More interestingly, across the Narrow Sea Daenerys Stormborn finds herself being wined, dined, wooed and eventually proposed to by Xaro Xhoan Daxos in Qarth (once more, hooray for a multicultural Qarth!). Marry him and she’ll be wealthy and he’ll give her the army she needs to sail to Westeros and take back the Iron Throne. Her knight turned advisor Jorah Mormont (anyone notice he has the same last name as The Lord Commander on The Wall? no? really? huh.) manages to persuade her against accepting this offer, and reveals a bit of his feelings in a moment that is the height of the phrase “awwwkward.” The warlock Pyat Pree finally shows up (in the book he actually escorts Dany to Qarth) and does some impressive parlor tricks, inviting the Targaryen princess to the House of the Undying. Quaithe also makes an appearance, though I have to say I’d always imagined that mask differently.
BYOD software solutions and corporate policies must address the following issues:
I had recently picked up the Spellbinders Impressabilities Sea Scape plate to go with a stamp set I had picked up back in February at the Stamp, Scrap Art Tour. Once I embossed using the plate, I airbrushed over the plate (like a stencil) a varying range of blues and greens, then topped it off with some Glimmer Mist. After I got the main focal piece done...there was no way I could come up with to use the stamps! LOL! I finished it off with a scrap of netting I had in my scrap drawer...and presto...it was done! Enjoy!
spiced rose hip and olive oil cake
No wonder you rise in the middle of the night
- Burnt End
6. Whale Wars is a train wreck of a show and I just can't stop watching. Of course if I was younger and more insane, I'd so totally be participating.
The movie, which takes place on fictional Amity Island, NY…was filmed on the island of Martha’s Vineyard, Massachusetts.
4. What did you have for Mother's Day dinner? I had finger sandwiches and potato chips.
I Peter 2:20… Peter talks about the Christians being buffeted… He talks of Christians doing well in serving Christ… then getting unexpected buffetings. They also manifest frustrations and impatience.
5. Curb Your Enthusiasm
Work has been incredibly busy lately. Mainly b/c I'm training my temp replacement who will be here when I go on Maternity leave. It's exhausting to spend 8+hours talking!! Plus, poor girl gets me at my most flightly.. I'm all over the place!! I start one conversation and end up talking about the most random things! I went home last night and probably had the best night of sleep I've had in months.. just from all the talking and walking I did yesterday!! hmmmm.. maybe I should keep this habit up.. will get more sleep!!
In other words, there now appears to be a way to take control of changes in the brain which, up to now, have been regarded as an inevitable part of aging. Meditation may keep the brain younger, more fit and make it literally larger and faster working, even as we grow older.
This is called media manipulation. It is true that some factions in electronic media have either been thriving on conspiracy theories or indulged in pursuit of personal gains or have certain motivation for taking side but now at this critical juncture, when Pakistan is passing through the most difficult time of its history, the media needs to act responsibly.
3. Stir together Christmas Cheer and Great Friends until Holiday Excitement bubbles to the top.
May He support us all the day long, till the shades lengthen and the evening comes, and the busy world is hushed, and the fever of life is over, and our work is done. Then in His mercy may He give us a safe lodging, and a holy rest and peace at the last.
This was how the ottoman looked when they hired me. It needed an update with more current fabrics and a new skirt style. Notice how tight the pleats on the skirt were.
*We had to track down new long term daycare for Niko.
It's bound to come, the show where they find someone buried beneath 500 1.75 L bottles of Old Grand-Dad from the National Distillers distillery in Frankfort, circa 1985. (That's the sort of thing whiskey hoarders hoard.)
Apart from learning that too much of a hop can kill off a beer's best features, I was very interested in the demonstration of the yawning gap between IBUs and perceived bitterness. Though these were all, on paper, as bitter as each other, the difference in taste between Bramling X and Sorachi Ace was remarkable. Were I asked to guess their IBUs I'd have been saying 90 and 65 respectively. Bittering units aren't a metric I pay much attention to when compiling a beer recipe and I feel somewhat justified now in doing that.
25. Roanoke
2001, and alongside the backing of Martin Pipe (to whom he was a conditional upon turning professional) he was supported by Nigel Twiston-Davies, to whom his father was formerly assistant. His biggest victories have come aboard Madison Du Berlais in the Hennessy Gold Cup and the Betfred Bowl at Aintree while he has enjoyed Grade One success on the tough staying hurdler Lough Derg and this season won the Grade One Feltham Novices’ Chase on Grands Crus. He also rides for his brother Michael, who took over the family’s training licence from his grandfather in the 2008/09 season. Scudamore lives with his wife Charlotte and two daughters near Cullompton in Devon.
I’ll be knockin’ out the blues while I’m knockin’ out the miles
And I wonder, will he ever know how much I love him? I know most often I am not speaking his love language. But this time of my heart telling my mind, "It will be cleaned later, let him create. It's not just about getting a tractor cake made, it's about the process." is me trying to say "I love you" in a different way, his way.
‘Sorry love’, I reply, ‘It’s been an emotional few… Oh fuck it, it’s just been emotional’.
In my district we're given numerous forms for tracking reading progress for each child throughout the year. Sometimes it feels like we have way too much paperwork, but I love to look at one sheet of paper and see "at a glance" how a student has progressed during the year. And it's easy to show parents the growth their child has made or the growth they need to make!
1) Stir together in a heavy medium saucepan over medium heat:
The Nets have been essentially dismantled in order to clear cap space for free agents and to hope for the first lottery pick in the draft; the three players used to sell the project--Jason Kidd, Richard Jefferson, and Vince Carter--have all been jettisoned.
The most beautiful feeling
I think for too long of a time, I lost myself. It was an inexplicable descent where I got angrier without good reason. I had more trouble thinking through ideas and conceptualizing anything. I had no energy at any point of the day and I had very little desire. The minor victories only helped patch the low points with decreasing frequency. Added to that is the guilt associated with neglecting family throughout the year for the last 5 years.
One thing that He revealed to me was going out in love when correcting someone. I think that nowadays people like to correct to just show that they are better than others. The Lord really used Samuel when it came to Saul and his actions. Saul was disobeying the Lord in every way possible. He was defiant and went against the Lord’s orders. When Samuel went to rebuke Saul in chapter 13 Samuel went low to correct him with love. He didn’t become big-headed about it. He didn’t use the opportunity to show how much better he was than Saul. I think this is really important to keep in mind when we correct people. We need to go low and humble ourselves. We need to encourage and then correct and then encourage. We need to go about it in love. Everyone makes mistakes. If we correct in love then people are more likely to correct their actions and react to your correction with love. This is an important part of our walk with Christ. Jesus went out of love in all His corrections. We need to hold ourselves to that same standard.
(Note: This focuses on girls' and women's issues because, well, I have a girl. Much of what I've written does apply to boys as well, and boys have their own set of issues. I'm not saying that there isn't pressure on boys to be manly (there is) or that moms of boys shouldn't get irritated when they have their own limited color palette to choose from (you absolutely should). Men's magazines offer body image ideals just as unrealistic as those for women, and this should upset you (though women's magazines and female models are far more prevalent). Boys are encouraged to be aggressive and ridiculed for showing emotion (and you should fight this). However, a) I have a girl, so the issues there are more glaring to me at this moment and b) worldwide, boys maintain that preferred status while girls suffer.)
the lighthouse flash
My sisters and I had a crafting weekend last weekend. We try to get together once per quarter and usually sew when we do. This time, my sister, Betsy found these great autumn wreaths to make out of coffee filters of all things! They were pretty labor intensive, so I'm not sure I will do another one, but I did like the way they turned out!
Though on occasion I enjoy other things to - paint & timber, hammer & nails, flour & eggs LOL basically I just like creating. Next on my list to cards would have to be cake decorating. I am only new to this and have a lot to learn but I'm improving and the recipients like them.
Using your finger tips, smear those two pastes together to bind.
The apple of her eye.
where one is not required.
When I was a wee tyke, a family friend who worked in the industry suggested that my twin sister and I should get an agent. My loving parents, who also worked in the media, heeded her advice. The first audition I went for was a commercial for a clothing chain and I remember really loving it, having heaps of fun making the casting director laugh. I got the gig, and I guess it must have been a sign, because I continued to work pretty solidly after that.
Interviewees like author Pete Hamill and DJ Cousin Brucie Morrow are predictably good; even better are Daily Worker sports editor Lester Rodney, a crusader for sports integration, and historian John Hope Franklin, the first black “hired at a major white college" (and incoming history chair, to boot, at Brooklyn College), who was stymied in his attempt to find housing in Brooklyn.
Publisher: Free Spirit Publishing (September 26, 2011)
I laughed even more, now my embarrassment was tinged with sadness.
Health Freak Salad
After slight hesitation the children have adjusted to this rule. Now all I have to say is, "I see, and what do you need to do now?" and off they rattle their thanksgivings.
for this week's theme of snow
A gray suv arrived and parked next to thai’s car, i tried to have a good look at the driver but it was dark in the area. The guy got out of his vehicle while Angelo was walking towards him, to get inside thai’s car. When suddenly, Angelo lost his control, unable to filter his words and just blurted out some words that even i didn’t understand, but more of…omfg another hottie on the loose!!!
Really a fantastic day Memphis. So much to do in this city and so much great stuff. Get out. Go see it. ”Get busy living, or get busy dying.” Come back tomorrow for more coffee, art and wings. Cheers.
Yeap! These are our two boys who are in the snip-snip clinic today. Marcus Antonius is the sibling of Julius Caesar who crossed the rainbow bridge late last year.
Reasons why I love this song:
the age of 18 by Catholic priests between 1950 and 2002.
"Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?" --Lucy Maud Montgomery's Anne of Green Gables
3:30pm – 4:30pm
6:40pm: Special project
We woke the kids up at 6am Christmas morning to see the presents St. Nick had left and then it was time to get ready for church. We are so blessed Gemma came to us knowing the true meaning of Christmas and that it was Jesus' Birthday! After a beautiful Christmas Mass we headed home to snap a quick family pic, change clothes, have a quick breakfast and sit down to pass out the gifts. Gemma was just grinning ear to ear. We opened our presents by taking turns and going from youngest to oldest, one at a time. Gemma caught on very quickly and knew it was her turn when Keaton was done! ha Ava actually understood and enjoyed Christmas much more this year too. The older kids really did a great job at getting excited for the little ones.
There are a few recipes out there for Spanish hot chocolate and most of the one’s aimed at getting that gloopy, thick consistency involve adding cream or other naughty bits that actually aren’t nescessary..Here’s all you’ll need (plus some churros or cookies) and guaranteed, everyone will LOVE them!
5 - Kitty Wells - It Wasn't God Who Mad Honky Tonk Angels - 2:34
Congrats to all of our winners, our Top 3 Badge can be found on the tab above called "Winner/Top 3 Banners" and other wise our prizes can be claimed by email me at Inky.Impressions@hotmail.com
And it makes me proud to see them learn and grow.
Dan's visit carried the overall message of deconstructing the journey of going from a child who enjoys drawing to an adult with a plethora of published books. Dan instilled in the children the notion that they can do anything they want to do in life, the choices are endless but underneath it all is the passion for doing what you love. This is a message that connects with the theme of this blog and Joseph Campbell's offering - Follow Your Bliss.
There are so many options to be looked at, but the problem is when the Premier League for example tries to implement this new law, they need the agreement from a large proportion of the 20 clubs. But can you see the top 4 agreeing to this? I think not.
watch tv and go for walks.
We are unsure when is the LAST DAY of our life.
Pretty soon we will only find these posts in my archives, but until then, I will keep moving forward.
Apologies to all those who I'm letting down, I will try and make it up to you. And if you can send good thoughts my sister's way, they would be appreciated. This is the second major health scare with a close family member in the last ten months :(
Yes everyone, the Men In Black franchise is back for the third installment. Director Barry Sonnenfield lagi lagi di percaya buat menyutradarai instalmen ketiga dari Men In Black saga, his work in the first two movies was a success and he certainly has a thing for extra terrestrials.
But text mining and mirror reading are not so useful in the case of Romans because Paul isn’t writing to a church he founded, and because of that, he pulls his punches, tones down his language and works much more subtly than in, say, Galatians or 1 Corinthians. So scholars who simply look for the specifics of the letter or mirror read into it find some of the reasons Paul writes, but not the core issue. So, yes, he wanted support for his proposed trip to Spain, and yes, he wanted to address divisions within the Roman church, and yes, he wanted prayer, if not money, for his collection for Jerusalem.
Rating: Rated PG-13 for violence and disturbing images, thematic material and some language including sexual references.
“…Mobility work is not even remotely close to being considered a warm-up! If you are not sweating before you pick up your kettle bell, shake weight etc? You did it wrong!”
implored thy help, or sought thy intercession was left unaided.
Sometimes I’m not able to incorporate this in every area. And like I said, sometimes paying more for something works out better in the end. Food that hasn’t been factory-farmed, for example, tends to cost more than the stuff that has been, and so I’m often willing to pay a little more for something that fits my ethics. If I know I need a specific thing that I won’t be able to get at a thrift store, then I have no qualms about paying full price for it.
Perhaps the President has the right to chastise and control the actions of government employees so directly associated with him, such as the Secret Service. However, unless the actions of professional sports players are of the magnitude akin to ”bountygate,” let’s leave the Commissioner’s office out of it!
Who is a sex doll.
Michelle is such an over-achiever that she asked more than one question! :) She also asked these tough questions,
After a bit of a hiatus, this journal of parking ticket madness has returned.
His first collection for Dior will be presented during Couture Week in July.
writes fiction and nonfiction for children and adults. Her children’s picture books include Crash, The Magic Violin, Humberto, the Bookworm Hamster, Frederico, the Mouse Violinist, The Doll Violinist, The Water Cycle: Water Play Series Book I and the upcoming The Fox in the Night. She’s had over 300 reviews, articles, stories and interviews published online and in print. She’s
And they danced all night... to the fiddle and the banjo
Men, If you do something for a woman you are not intimate with already, understand you should do it from the heart with no expectations or simply do not do it at all unless it’s a strictly platonic thing where the woman is either paying you or giving you something of the same value in return.
Here are a couple of vignettes I did a few years back for a Zombie Pirates of the Black Coast Army. I never completed enough figures for the project to make it to the gaming table and besides my interest in all things GW was on the wane by this point in time. However I think these boys deserve another crack of the whip so they may yet get incorporated in the Retro Dungeon project.
We, therefore, the Representatives of the united States of America, in General Congress, Assembled, appealing to the Supreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the Name, and by Authority of the good People of these Colonies, solemnly publish and declare, That these United Colonies are, and of Right ought to be Free and Independent States; that they are Absolved from all Allegiance to the British Crown, and that all political connection between them and the State of Great Britain, is and ought to be totally dissolved; and that as Free and Independent States, they have full Power to levy War, conclude Peace, contract Alliances, establish Commerce, and to do all other Acts and Things which Independent States may of right do. And for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the protection of divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.
You know that comfy feeling you get when you slip on a pair of brand new socks? I love that feeling and that is why I can never have enough pairs of socks. Not to mention the fact that it seems like every time I turn around one of my matching socks gets lost in the laundry. That is why I am contstantly purchasing socks. Not only socks for myself, but for my husband and three boys too!
What this basically means is that $940 billion number in the CBO report that the Democrats are cheering over is entirely subjective. It would have been a lot higher if they had included the stuff they should have included. And they didn’t include these things simply because it would have made their number look bad. It’s Alice in Wonderland accounting.
that there is a thing out there
I am launching a new blog to organize all of my poetry and photos that I want to keep...forever! Most of what I've loaded so far has been old poetry from the last five years. I have all of my poetry scattered amongst five or so computers and I am slowly unloading them all into a format that will be easy to read and navigate! Fair warning: I didn't claim to be any good at writing poetry, I just have found it an outlet in the past. My muse occasionally visits now and again, but not much lately. I hope to change that for 2011. Some reads are a little dark (depressing if you will), while others are more full of life.
And kamelado, which I made. I don't have a picture of it, but I'll post a recipe soon... it's delicious!!!
I've been using an insulated mug I recently picked up from my local home goods shop, and I can't rave enough about how great these are. First, it is heat resistant so that you can have a steamy drink and not burn your hands on the glass. Secondly, the design is 2-layer to prevent condensation. The artistic side of me also appreciates the optical illusion effect and the fact that these pieces are mouth blown.
Curing the Mediocracy
Congratulations to the girls track team who finished 2nd out of 12 teams at the Edison Invitational. Finishing first and breaking the meet record was the 4x100m relay team of Abbey Bodeker, Hannah Bartlome, AuBree LaForce, and Emily Cunningham. Other first place finishes went to the 4x200m relay team of Abbey Bodeker, Hannah Bartlome, Victoria Gimben, and AuBree LaForce. Emily Cunningham in the 100m and 200m, Hannah Bartlome in the high jump and long jump, and Abbey Bodeker in the 300m hurdles. The lady sailors will be home this Wednesday against Midview so please come out and support your Vermilion track team.
the guy she loves to hate ...
If you are one of the millions of viewers who regularly tune into ABC’s Modern Family each week, you’ve probably fallen in love with the characters Mitchell Pritchett, Phil Dunphy and Cameron Tucker, played by Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Ty Burrell and Eric Stonestreet, respectively. The actors will take the Winspear stage to discuss their hit show, which is centered on the lives of three unconventional families. In addition, Steve Levitan will share his insight as co-creator and executive producer of the show.
This pretty cross ornament was my first attempt at using colored glass. I think it's varied shades of pink will be DIVINE hanging on a tree with twinkly lights! This design came from my love of vintage rosaries.
They pull off onto the shoulder. More could happen, and should. But the end of the scene has Jeannie giving birth in the back seat, while Natalie scrambles around for sheets and other stuff they’re going to need. If it was a movie you could just pull the camera back now. And that was the original idea.
Won't you come back
Stay safe.
Still she dare gon’ play, she backed it up
So...Merry Christmas! Happy new year! Happy Easter! And all other good wishes that should have passed in between. It's good to be back.
to create some texture.
Wire - Chairs Missing - 1978
And if they want to have fun in the process of raising the Craft Beer World's profile, why the hell not?!!
A Wind at My Back Christmas ... BYU ... 2 PM
Be sure to hop along to each of the participating blogs for an even bigger chance to win all of the products that you feel your dog would benefit from.
My next creation is my favorite of the lot. I had bought these bright yellow Magnesite carved flower beads with the thought they would come in handy for some fall jewelry. Add some yellow Crazy Lace Agate beads from my stash, a single painted shell coin bead, mixed with the flowered Copper ring and the oval wooden beads that Rose sent me and we have...
Ban Chaing’s is a Thai restaurant based in Dapto. I like it here, good simple food, polite service and great value. I particularly like their $7.50 lunch special (Monday to Friday) with lots of options and as always, rice is included.
Now that he's nearing the end of his competitive career, I'm starting this process over again with another teammate. The goal of this post isn't to encourage others to start showing their dogs, but to remind myself of all the lessons I've learned over the last decade. I'm going to use these lessons as I start off with my new partner in canine (I love puns), @VestaTheDog. @MousetheDog's new job will be to teach her all that he knows, and Basil's new job will be to keep our new little tyke in line.
Addle Quest: Galactrix
I wanted to let you in on a little secret...
I know I haven't been as active, but that's because I've been redesigning the blog for a change of focus! The blog will now exclusively feature Game and Movie reviews/recommendations. I'll try to make it interesting for you guys, and should have a change in pace when it comes to the sheer number of daily posts! Expect constant activity!
Oh and they should probably have their affairs in order
Hal: “Because one day, I believe I will win.”
Mano Negra Out of time men F
Wood Flower by Kaiser crafts: B34, V06. Since this wasn't made of bits of ground-up wood like the tag it absorbed the color different. The marker dyes flowed more with the grain of the wood, while the other piece stayed fairly crisp and clean.
Ridgeway Brewing Lump Of Coal
blogger from the law.
Him: "Ouht Courssss, I'll just takke the sim."
This sudden, fleeting feeling of jealousy is one of those inevitable things that can sabotage a weight loss plan.
The automatic rifles began to exchange fire with some unknown target on the base. Every so often the bombings would return in crescendos of death.
I hate to disappoint people. It's a fundamental piece of who I am. I would rather "go without" or compromise my own preferences than to put someone else out. That may the core reason why I rarely entertain. Really, only those in my closest circle visit me where I live. People for whom I am certain I can provide and relaxing and enjoyable visit. People that are comfortable enough to walk over to my refrigerator for something to drink and not be offended if I don't catch their empty glass in time to do it myself. People who will take me seriously when I say "the snacks are here and here and here so please rifle through any time you're feeling munchy," because I mean it. I am a grazer and there is nothing worse than being a little hungry when you're in someone else's home and not being able to grab a snack when you need one.
The changes mean completion of phase one, which included a resurfaced trail, new lights and fencing, will be pushed back slightly from its original spring 2012 date.
"The end of prohibition is close, five years for marijuana or less," he told me from inside the U.S. federal correctional complex where he’s serving a five-year term for selling marijuana seeds. "And I can take a lot of credit for it."
In a small pan, add the lentils and water. Bring to a boil and allow to simmer for about 30 minutes or until water is absorbed and lentil are soft. Check on it after 15 minutes to make sure it doesn't burn and there is enough water. I didn't soak my lentils and ended up using 1 1/2 cups of water and it took 45 minutes to get soft. Once soft mash with the back of a spoon or puree in an immersion blender. Make sure there are no pieces otherwise they will dry up when you bake the cookie.
I forgive myself that I’ve accepted and allowed myself to during a disagreement with my partner – want to throw my hands up and say fuck it – when in fact when I stop and breathe, and direct myself in self-honesty, I realize that that is Not what I really want.
This is the Loreal Magic Lumi Light Infusing Primer. It’s a pretty slim bottle, so you’re not really getting a lot of product for the price, although you only need to use one pump for it to work. I really like the pearly white and rose gold coloring of the packaging! Can’t wait to try it!
Aravella Simotas has kept a pretty low profile in the Assembly since being hand-picked by the Vallones for the job. But here she is talking about how she's against rape, which is really sticking her neck out there!
When I journal privately, I tend to ask precisely this kind of (almost) rhetorical question. I find that living out the answers is difficult. The even-more challenging thing is to live into the questions.
I have created a brief timesaving checklist that will help you decide if you are a real 60’s kind of person.
While women have many books to call upon that offer advice about dealing with life’s twists and turns, men often do not. What, for example can men do to cope with the loss of a wife? The Widower’s Toolbox: Repairing Your Life After Losing Your Spouse ($14.95, New Horizon Press, softcover) by Gerald J. Schaefer joined with Tom Bekkers, MSW, APSW, to provide an excellent guide for grieving men that sets them on the path to healing. Schaefer draws on his 26-year career experience managing people and dealing with many of the issues facing him and his young sons after the loss of his wife to breast cancer. Bekkers is a licensed psychotherapist and advanced practice social worker with twenty years experience in professional counseling. Together they provide a wealth of information and advice on such things as organizing household tasks, resolving issues that prevent healing, handling children’s special needs, and learning to love again. Robert Rodi has penned a hilarious and heartwarming memoir, Dogged Pursuit: How a Rescue Dog Rescu
Being living sacrifices who are holy and acceptable to God is our “reasonable” service. All Christians have the capability of doing it and doing it cheerfully.
Shaunna has some great posts on how she revamped her cottage one room at a time.
Together, they would create something the world had never seen.
can only be resolved by engaging in the political process, in order to
It is much like person to person communication. I can sit down and talk to you and may have something interesting and important to say but if you don't like my tone or my facial expressions or the way I constantly smack my lips while speaking or never make eye contact or talk with my mouth full then it's not likely you'll want to listen to me for very long.
There is a potential downside to making it new. The publishing industry might have problems recognizing its merits, and will definitely have problems marketing it and selling it through channels which are friendlier to industrial product in standard packaging (Pink and pale blue and lime green for chick lit, dark orange flames against black, with gold type, for SAS memoirs… just slot book into package.)
While you’re waiting for the next newsletter, “Plane Reflections: about life and a flight around Australia’s coast” is available in book and CD format for $20.00 plus postage and packaging.
I just wanted to enjoy the company of friends instead of being preoccupied with
So, the next day, I plopped myself down at the table at lunch and told the lunch bunch the “Vickie story.” When they finished laughing hysterically at me, one of my friends (I shall call her Sharon), had the nerve to ask me, after she wiped the laughing tears from her eyes. “So, are you going to write to the real Ale-Alejandro?” And my answer, in a school building, in a professional teacher voice, was, “Are you F*cking kidding me?????” And they all cracked up again.
Wholesome Nutritional Brown Rice & Diversified Carbohydrates
Feels like it was ages ago when I have made a card with Magnolia stamp, although it has been only few weeks ;)
That’s it……ask questions…and a lot of them!
CD: So we’re through to July. The programme has been finalised between May and June?
Naturally, Galileo is now invoked along with a reference to Creationism. Then we are told that "the intolerant Christian mobs that came to rule the late Roman Empire were in turn defeated and driven out of Alexandria by even more fanatical Muslim armies and rulers, who destroyed what little remained of classical civilization that the Christians had not already burned or banished". Again, we seem to be in some alternative universe's history here, since in the real world the naughty old Muslims actually took the Greek and Roman knowledge that had been preserved by wicked Byzantine and Nestorian monks and expanded on it, carrying it to Spain where it was eagerly embraced by Medieval Christian scholars and returned to the west. But that story is no fun at all. Pesky historians and their pesky facts and evidence ruin it for everyone.
but no heat in the cold
Oh holy hell, only one more day to go…I just have to make it through tomorrow, and it’s over…
Day one he went a winded half lap, an eighth of a mile, before resting. Week two he was doing two sets of double laps. Week three we timed his first nine-minute mile. Now he’s talking about racing 5Ks in the not-so-distant spring.
For those avid readers out there who compulsively check my blog every day for new updates and insights, my sincerest apologies for not posting for the last week. Y’see, I’ve been a-building a fan-dangled new website for my school using the wonder that is WordPress. Our current website is built using the web-hosting tool of a certain MLE, which takes all its eye-melting ugliness and incomprehensibleness and then foists it upon the unsuspecting Interweb public. As LGfL offers free hosting as part of LGfL2.0, I thought it was at least worth exploring other options for websites. Such as WordPress.
Yesterday or the day before when I finally found the Goddess, I saw that they had posted a new challenge and this will work, so I am submitting in the "Delicous Doodles Challenge". Okay, I have to admit sometimes I can be very dense, I was on the Delicious Doodles site looking at all the fab entries for this challenge and someone said they were not sure if they got it right, I thought maybe I should go back and reread the rules, w e l l, I now have it, lol, I used Dies (Spellbinder's Oval), Delicious Doodles Image and glitter. I added some wonderful diamond stickles to the feathers. Now I am done. Stay safe and have a very happy weekend. Hugs
My third post will be about the other four stories that deal with maturity: “A Little Cloud,” “Counterparts,” “Clay,” and “A Painful Case.”
“That’s right,” said the clerk. “We mark all of our herbs with both names, if we know them. We have quite a few customers that don’t know the official names of the herbs, just the folk ones. Which one are you looking for?”
And even better, it means that it's even closer to when the Starbucks red holiday cups coming!!!!
It rained but the crowd still turned up. Catch the beautiful scenery of Sentosa, cable car, the cruise ships and Vivocity while walking. To seek shelter from the rain, use the covered walkway. Best of all, there are escalators. Yes, you lazy bum, you.
What is a doppelganger? I’d heard that word before but didn’t know what it meant. It basically means someone who looks like YOU. So, you’re supposed to change your profile pic (on facebook) to someone famous that you’ve been told you look like.
Suggestions on a postcard welcome.
"I don't need to do anything?"
about a ¼ inch thick slices and take a bar of cream cheese and slice it in about the
is oft described as a Hulu
Step 2. This is my precious, secret weapon - an adorable little non-stick square pan that is barely bigger than my hands. Heat it on low heat and pour your batter in after it has had time to proof for about 30 minutes. Heat until the bottom is smooth and cooked, then flip and cook until done. If you're worried about overheating then you can finish it in the oven. If you don't have one of these you can make a makeshift one for the oven out of tinfoil.
57. Let's Scare Jessica To Death
Even though I know He doesn’t always intervene with miracles, resurrecting in the places we grieve, it’s somehow helpful to know He isn’t ignoring us either. Jesus isn’t cold-hearted, looking down stone-faced and unmoved by our sorrow.
Until early 2010, China insisted it had only $300 billion in gold. Suddenly, it announced gold reserves of $1.3 trillion. Its claims to have mined this within China are risible – although with South African technical help, it is now mining more and more of the stuff.
Bake for 15 – 20 minutes or until crisp and golden.
-black
Oscar answered the phone, and knowing nothing at all about opera, casually asked
8) Last House on the Left
Perhaps other love signifiers you have employed, the aforementioned sex substitutes such as travel and adventure, will lose their appeal as most overindulged activities eventually do. The glory of having a wide range of love signifiers is that as you gradually become bored of them, as you would in your own solitary life, you get to see how you both grow together, dropping some interests and picking up new ones. With a sexual relationship, you don’t have this level of freedom. Once the sex is gone, there’s really nothing to replace it with other than non-gratifying sex.
The Sevastopol lease, however, runs out in 2017. And Kiev has informed Moscow there will be no renewal. Russia's fleet will have to vacate Sevastopol and the Crimea, which belonged to Russia before Nikita Khrushchev ceded the entire peninsula to Ukraine in 1954 in a "brotherly gesture" while Ukraine was still part of the Soviet Union.
So there you have it….lots of info that you should know before giving birth. Sure, not all women experience ALL of these symptoms (you lucky ducks…). You may only experience one. But if you plan on having more than one child, it is good info to keep tucked away so you are prepared for the future. Remember…in the end, it is worth it all. If it meant that Abbie was healthy and happy, I’d experience it all over again tenfold.
Thy modesties of silk and lace reveal
God, who through thine only-begotten Son Jesus Christ hast overcome death, and opened unto us the gate of everlasting life; We humbly beseech thee, that, as by thy special grace preventing us thou dost put into our minds good desires, so by thy continual help we may bring the same to good effect; through Jesus Christ our Lord, who liveth and reigneth with thee and the Holy Ghost, ever one God, world without end. Amen.
This week, the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) is launching a new £1m small grant programme designed to help local communities answer these and countless more questions about their past.
with hand and mouth, human skill and flattery,
06/30
One interesting thing about the gospel of John is that there is no genealogy. But John stresses the divinity of Christ; since Christ is God, there is no genealogy, for God has always existed. I just got goosebumps while typing that because I cannot wrap my head around something/someone always existing. I just can’t fathom that. Can you? Eternity doesn’t fit in my brain. Oddly, I don’t have a lot of trouble thinking about eternity forward. It’s eternity backward that boggles me.
–Ursula K. LeGuin
While it may take the industry time to recover from the Winehouse’s passing, her place in history as a musical legend looks more than secure. Watch this space for more…
Brioche french Toast, stuffed with Marscapone and Marmalade
The Seed Cathedral is a 20-metre high building, constructed from 60,000 transparent 7.5-metre long optical strands, each of which has embedded within its tip a seed. The seeds come from Royal Botanical Gardens at Kew and their Millennium Seedbank. The interior is silent and illuminated only by the daylight that has filtered past each seed through each optical hair. This structure defies pragmatic usefulness, and honours nature. Heatherwick was also conscious to make the building playful and enjoyable to the public, and left the space around the Seed Cathedral open. He says, “a spiritual building is also a public building,”[3] signaling a respect for how the interplay between a building and people achieves intangible value and feeling when it is accessible to everyone.
I got a jigsaw puzzle tradition from my mom. And there has rarely been a year since I lived on my own when I have not followed the tradition.
At this time Black Tuesday, is the #3 beer in the world according to Beer Advocate's Top Beers on Planet Earth, right above Pliny the Younger, a Double IPA, and Westvleteren 12, a Trappist Quadruple. This past week one of most anticipated beers was released - Black Tuesday. Patrick Rue, founder and head brewer of The Bruery says that it was, “created on that now infamously dark Tuesday at The Bruery, using 2,500 pounds of grain, more than double any of the usual recipes, along with several different forms of sugar, Black Tuesday has grown into a massive, flavorful imperial stout that weighs in at a robust 19.5% alcohol. Aged in bourbon barrels for over a year, this midnight black stout is full of flavor: vanilla, burnt caramel, toasted oak, licorice, prunes and sherry-like oxidation.”
Brinsley Schwarz didn't plan to start a grassroots movement -- the bandmembers wanted to be stars. Lowe and Schwarz had already spent several years in Kippington Lodge, a Tunbridge Wells-based guitar pop group that released five singles on Parlophone during the mid-'60s to no success. By 1968, the members of Kippington Lodge were beginning to feel restless with their straight-ahead pop/rock and were eager to explore psychedelia. Keyboardist Bob Andrews joined the band later that year and drummer Billy Rankin came aboard in the fall of 1969. By that time, Kippington Lodge had completely revamped its musical style, evolving into a folk-rock band with psychedelic pretensions and appropriately changing its name to Brinsley Schwarz after the group's lead guitarist. Ironically, it was around this time that Lowe became the band's lead singer and primary songwriter.
We went to Brisbane yesterday for a few appointments, and by the end of the day, found ourselves at the Brisbane Botanical Gardens in Mount Cootha. Dave and I, have a special affiliation to this place as when we lived in Brisbane previously, we'd often visit for some serious garden oggling.
Gareth van Onselen is the DA's executive director of special projects. This article is written in his personal capacity.
So recently I have decided that I don’t just want this blog to be about my everyday life, or the food that I cook or the pictures I take. Sure that is all find and dandy but I do have a brain in my head and I have a lot of things that I think about that I would really like to be able to share with the world, why? Because since I find them important or interesting there might be other people out there who do also and what better way to find kindred spirits than to write about everything little thing. So that will be what I am going to start doing, don’t worry I’ll still share my recipes and daily life stories but now there is going to be more to this!
In her grief, Lisa turned to what she was always known for: giving. In honor of John, she and friends established a foundation called Soles for Souls. Here is what she writes about it:
"We have protested and in some cases they have said they will stop but in other cases they say it happens everywhere, like Abu Ghraib. If anything, the number of cases has been accelerating."
The Starlight Night
As we change and grow and move towards fulfilling our potential, free from mind chatter that slows us down, we also begin to change those around us. And one by one, the change spreads. You are good, and strong, and kind and of value. Make sure your mind chatter is telling you the same thing, or else tell it to STOP, so that you can GO forward.
The ferry is moored to the pier at Gourock, just next to the train station. A couple of slim ropes hold it to the rusted metal structure of the pier. The rust is partially hidden by a swarm of barnacles, intricate as a crochet pattern. A flimsy metal gangway is placed between the boat and pier. There are thin handrails to hold onto and the walkway has raised ridges on it, useful in bad weather no doubt, when the gangway is wet and slippery with spray. A man stands on either side of it, to bolster your confidence and, I imagine, catch
i'm also going to be forty-five-years-old tomorrow.
The study also threw up three different types of fan relationships. The Entertainment Seeker, the Fantasy Seeker, and the Inspiration Seeker: Different fans would be deriving different benefits from different celebrities.
It is huge, diverse, breathtaking and home to several spectacular natural wonders including Virginia Falls, the Ram Plateau, ancient coral sea beds, the Cirque of the Unclimables, Hell’s Gate and Funeral Range. You don’t get names like this just for lookin’ pretty, no sir. Nahanni National Park is an adventure-seeker’s dream.
Somethings come easy for people, others it's hard, but if we give up we will never hear that beautiful music we all can create. Mr. Z never gave up and look at him now. He's playing music and sharing his love for music with the kids, but he is also teaching them something much more important. Never give up your dream, no matter how far a reach it may seem. And that is a powerful message.
This one needs no explanation. It's Annie's signature song about her unbridled hope for a better tomorrow. Listen to the audience reaction at the end - Katie absolutely blew the roof off the theater here:
ME: Honk yourself.
In order to avoid misunderstandings, parties to oral proceedings and their representatives are hereby
136 – Mitch Gagnon (8-1) submits David ‘Bo’ Harris (6-3-1) via guillotine choke at 2:09 of Round 1.
FIRST COURSE: ‘Chicago Style’ Charcuterie & Fromage
I'm really pissed. And not in the British sense. No, I'm soberly angry, and hurt.﻿ No word from Drummer. This afternoon, my talks behind me, I emailed him from the airport, 4:45pm home time. (I've thus taken down my unproductive poll on whether to do so.) I felt I had to act, just to address the remote contingency that he didn't get my email and thought I was the one disappearing.
Where: Concord Baptist Church of Christ
My sewing time this week has mostly been spent finishing up these pillow tops. I sandwiched them with really thin batting & muslin backs, then proceeded to add some pretty basic straight line quilting on each. I really like how they turned out, and now I have to wait for the Reunion Sally's Skirt that I ordered to arrive, which I will use for finishing the backs of the pillow covers. Can't wait to get these on the couch!
Lukewarm Faith
There could be many reasons for this.
Cheapest price on SNS I've found:
I’m not going to entertain the possibility that Andrew might be dead because it’s fairly safe to assume that unlike Tyler, Gemma and perhaps Malcolm that Andrew will survive being gunned down. So, who tried to kill Bridget that Andrew received the ouch end of a bullet for? I’d say there’s a decent list of suspects with decent motives.
There are at least two kinds of oak growing in this wood. The pleasing scalloped outline of leaves of the native oak, Quercus robur, is instantly recognisable. But here amongst those is a larger, spikier leaf: an oak, I’m sure, but not a native. I don’t know – there is no-one now on the estate whom I could ask – but I think this is the leaf of the North American Nuttall oak (Quercus nutallii). If anyone knows better, I’d love to be told.
There I chose silk scarves patterned with designs that are traditionally woven into wool or embroidered onto kumma, frankincense (about which, exactly as predicted, Chuck said, “Smells like church!”), a mask-style niqab dyed in indigo, and some silver rings and necklaces. I love the silver!
- Monogram canvas with natural leather trim
An alternative-history plot for a much better Die Hard 2 could thus perhaps include a scene in which the rescuing squad of John McClane-led police officers does not even know what building they are in, a suitably bewildering encapsulation of this method of moving undetected through the city.
#1 - Today I will be taking chocolate cupcakes with chocolate gold coins on top and juice to her class along with the Build A Bear "ducky" that she asked for!
because the LORD has anointed me
Cool again
Good thing Marian Gaborik finally ended his goal scoring drought with 5:19 left in the third overtime. If he hadn’t the game might have lasted forever. The way Alex Ovechkin’s golden chance bounced off the post in the first overtime and later on the way Mike Rupp’s open net opportunity was blocked by his own teammate Brian Boyle, you’d think that everyone had conspired to keep the game going as long as possible.
So I got all the ingredients out again, measured everything, and started over, at a much slower, slightly disheartened pace, have you. I used an egg white from an actual egg the second time around, and guess what? Even more liquid. Seems mother always does know best. And the dough was even stickier, too, like peanut butter. I tried to plop it onto the table, but it was glued to my fingers.
Welcome, Juliana!
These old timers at the entrance to a car show for the local Rotary Club announce their good intentions, with their smiles. I like being greeted when I enter a new space.
Grant did really good today. He was a bit shy at first, but he warmed up pretty quickly. He has really improved in just one week's time. They asked me if we had been practicing at home. They did some warm ups, practiced kicking it in to the goal, passing back and forth and they did some throw ins. The also played bubbles and with the parachute.
We’re on the journey towards our yearly
They might have an offer on their house and I am saying prayers for them because I know this past year has been hard. The reality is hitting home and I realize they will be moving away. I count my blessings to have met her and know they will always be a part of our lives. I think I will write a personal reference letter for her to give to any of her new neighbors in case any of them are fast blinkers.
This was the first visit for any of them to Mount Vernon. They were hosted by the local master distiller, Dave Pickerell, former master distiller for Maker's Mark and now an industry consultant who spends eight months of the year flying around the country to work with his 20 or so client distilleries.
Are you still the talk of all the boys
An intriguing and unexpected comment from a Facebook friend who has followed my blog inspired today’s post. After saying some very nice things about my writing, she asked me, “Did you feel a sense of synchronicity when you met Traci? I’m extremely intrigued by the theory of synchronicity and ‘feel’ that it has a tendency to play its hand in fate and destiny. If you have a story to share I would love to hear it.” Well, I do have a story to share, actually several stories, and a confession to make. But first, I’d like to examine the question: what is synchronicity, anyway? From Wikipedia:
this time to hunt, to roam, so they can dine?
Justice will not have been done at Duke until the players and their parents are restored financially, both Mike Nifong and the complainant are criminally charged and convicted, and the professors who signed the nasty statement concerning the players and the team are censured and required to apologize. When all this is done and as publicized as all the accusations and indictments were, then, and only then, will justice have been done.
spiritual and emotional needs, which requires giving.Consequently, showing ignores the
It was a treat to visit....as it MUST have been for the tradesman of Warwick all those yrs ago...folk such as **Mr. Chadband, Confectioner....AND Mr. R. Ivens, Auctioneer.....and his brother, Mr. J. Ivens, Master Upholsterer...
On Tuesday, we will offically be 34 weeks. I honestly never thought we'd make it this far and it makes me really happy. This pregnancy has NOT been easy and all I can think about is the fact that we are close to the finish line. I know my girls are worth every ounce of this craziness and all I have to do is get these little ladies to 36 weeks and we'll be good to go. :)
One of my college besties, Ash, started a blog, and I loved reading it and kept thinking how special it was going to be for her to get to have all of her memories documented on her blog! I apprehensively started one, got a little slow start, had some commitment issues, and sometime this past summer, things just clicked! I've been going strong ever since! I find so much joy in blogging! It's a great outlet for me, and I've connected with some wonderful blogger friends!
‘No, I ordered a happy meal.’
What better way to start the evening than, not with a beer, not with a whisky, but with a whisky beer!
Based on Beauty and an Airplane, a short story by Gabriel Garcia Marque, Ratanaruang’s film tells the story of a man (Ananda Everingham) who falls in love with a woman (Khemapsom Sirisukha) he sees at the check-in counter of an airport. Most of the film takes place in the sleek blackened interior of the plane’s cabin—the camera panning between the two seats, lighting now one, now the other of the occupants. The two passengers never exchange a word, title cards occasionally allowing us to know what the man is thinking. Those familiar only with his work on Dumplings or Wong Kar-wai’s films might be surprised at cinematographer Christopher Doyle’s uncustomary restraint. Both touching and funny, it is gems like this that make the task of a critic worthwhile. Christopher Doyle doubles as both taxi driver and captain in the film. Very good picture quality. (10/10)
Yee-haw,” the stunt driver-camera-chick hollersw, “let’s ge this news show on the Road!!”
I know a couple of dinks, a married couple who both work, have a double income and no children. My dinks get their kicks out of their hobby, which is windsurfing. They personally transport their surfboard, with mast and sails, in their little red convertible to places like Sheepshead Bay on Long Island Sound and along the eastern tip of Long Island . They also fly, surfboard included, to a small island in the Caribbean where they jockey the sails. On land, they live in Park Slope, Brooklyn, and were among the first to buy a brownstone there.
Publisher: Scribner
The third question Genevieve asks is “Why do you think people are so quick to dismiss theories?”
I was on the high way, and no one appeared to be chasing me. My hands shook as I checked my camera. It was unharmed. Then I reached inside my pocket for the tape recorder. I pulled it out. It and my hand were covered in blood. My blood. The sensation of numbness twisted into nerve altering pain. An unimaginable, searing pain, pounded in my lower abdomen and back. I searched for where the wound was and applied pressure.
I looked around, the gym was packed with a cross-section of humanity comprised of older men (at least 60) and female whipper-snappers years my junior (most late 20s early 30s). Knowing my older kids regularly attend this gym as it always is with teenagers one must come and go without “embarrassing” one’s offspring. (Sadly the definition of embarrassment amongst the teenage crowd can be simply breathing within 500 yards of the kids or their friends). I surveyed the joint. Several women were hard at work jogging on the treadmills and all of them with earphones and iPods/cell phones “tuned out” to music. I took my place and placed the earphones in my ears quite proud of how I was now “totally cool” (too bad the kids weren’t there to witness this one) and started on the treadmill. My normal workout is about 20-25 minutes of speed walking. I looked at the clock, five minutes had already passed. I am now very assured of my “coolness” as I too am now listening to tunes and power walking my way to less “flab.”
I'm so happy and grateful to have you guys following me.Oh believe me, it's nice when your not talking to your self, well I still do that,.... but not in public lol.
See you in December.
Have a great weekend and look for a guest post on Monday!
Sunday January 31st
Today, African-Americans abound in the mass media as anchors, reporters, entertainers and models, despite the virtual end of affirmative action policies mandating ethnic group representation.
Game two against Cleveland was even worse. He got into trouble early and often, and the same problems with location and aggressiveness were only increased by an Indian team that was not necessarily tearing the cover off the ball. You obviously want a pitcher to dominate or appear in command against weak-hitting teams because it only gets worse against the powerhouses. He could not keep guys off the base — and worse — nothing of his stuff was fooling anybody. His line read: 4 IP, 5 ER, 9 Runs, 9 Hits, and 4 BB. It was an utter disaster, and when Travis Haftner blasted a solo shot off one of his pitches in the top of the 5th, the dejected look on his face paled in comparison to mine. It was a game that didn’t give any body rooting for the Royals any sense of hope in Mendoza’s future. He’s not striking anybody out, he’s putting guys on base, and he’s giving up too many hits and running up pitch counts. By the time he was pulled, he hadn’t even recorded an out in the 5th and he was already at 89 pitches. I had seen enough
“To keep an eye out for people!” Emily explained. Her impatience at my slow-wittedness was poorly disguised. “In case the person who buried this stuff is watching to see if anyone finds it!”
You let go and I’ll let go too
The success of the intermodal station project is attributed to multiple stakeholders who partnered with the City of Dearborn to develop the project over a 12-year period of study, site selection, environmental assessment and preparation.
Although otoro is considered a higher grade than the medium-fatty Chutoro it really is no less special, and I often prefer it’s lighter, finely-marbled consistency to that of it’s fattier counterpart. I am also rather partial to its pretty pink hue!
EAST BRUNSWICK, N.J.—Some more film-review catch-up today. First up: Does South Korean director Bong Joon-ho's portrait of an extremely overprotective mother compare at all with my own mother's brand of overprotectiveness?
The silver ring is attached to the aperture lever, which is hooked onto the inner mechanism makes this work. The aperture shutter is in a part of the camera I currently don't want to take apart, underneath the shutter, which we will see soon. The copper colored rings control the shutter.
Reading: Colossians 3:8, 12-13
Close the box by gently pushing down on the lid. Take the backing off your sticky strip and gently squeeze the sides of the lid together before sticking down. It will be a little off (as shown) but that’s okay. We can hide this with embellishments!!
Marketing Support
It is important to set a day of the week apart for rest. Even God rested on the 7th day after creating the first 6 days.
Or with large steps crossing the prairies out of Illinois and
Why Did You Abandon Your Children? Are You An Advocate for Abandonment?
To make sure this book holds together and is a durable storage solution, I used the Unibind Wire Binding Machine. It's very easy to use and heavy duty...the bind will last. In the photo below you'll see me punching the holes for the wires...the machine has adjustable die cutting pins that allow for a variety of sizes and wires. It's very useful and versatile.
By 8, kids were washed and tucked into bed...
We need no intellectual reasons or underpinnings to justify our allegiance to or emotional bonding with our own kind any more than we have to justify favouring our children over someone else’s. Parents who want other people’s children to do better than their own are perverse and unnatural.
Their doors are shut in the evening; and they know no songs.
But that is mere conjecture. The reality is that segregation of a 'natural' kind had always existed in South Africa. The so-called "Bantu" stuck to their traditional areas, and the successive British administrations did everything in their power to avoid having to import them into "European" areas. In this regard they brought labour from, first, England, and then from India and China with the express purpose of creating a perfectly acceptable type of segregation - one based on traditional homelands and areas of European influence.
Richard O’Barry is a world known environmentalist and before turning against dolphin captivity in the 1970’s he was the trainer of the five dolphins that played Flipper in the 1960’s TV series. O’Barry helped capture many dolphins himself during his time as a dolphin trainer, including the dolphins that played Flipper. “Flipper was the best and the worst thing that ever happened to dolphins”, he says. “It exposed the world to dolphins, but it also created these captors and the desire to hug them and kiss them and love them to death” (McNeill). O’Barry says he changed when the Flipper dolphin Cathy died in his arms from “suicide” – by self-induced asphyxiation – because of depression.
One of the most useful UK resources about electronic disclosure is Clive Freedman’s electronic disclosure wiki at www.eDisclosure.uk.com.
I’ve always been surprised that Inspector Gadget never made a gigantic comeback the way most children’s properties seem to every few years. Oh there was that silly live action movie a few years ago, sure… but the cartoon was fantastic and a real cornerstone of my childhood. Perhaps it’s a show best left in the past, considering half the appeal of the character lay in Don Adams’ voicework.
Well, as my husband remarked, sometime towards 2 am last night/this morning whilst we were assembling the puzzle, it appears as if the booklet itself had been printed on a low quality setting simply to conserve ink. Which is not necessarily a bad thing. The margins were quite narrow too, and instead of having a title page, the title was just whacked at the top of page 1. Now, all this is fine - and eco-friendly. But when your zeal to conserve paper and ink impacts the prose, you are taking it a little too far. At least, I assume that is why the author used so many contractions. Let's look at the first paragraph as a non-spoiler example:
Three vicious attacks against Christians in India in recent months reflect a growing anti-Christian sentiment.
Park Yoochun and Han Jimin’s proof shot has been gaining attention.
The roots of Blunderbuss go back several years ago when White was recording songs for several artists. These artists included Tom Jones, Insane Clown Posse, etc. White was in contact with Wu-Tang Clan member RZA and were going to do a recording session. RZA couldn't attend the session, so White was hanging around with a band. They recorded several tracks, which would one day develop into Blunderbuss.
Saturday, Malika and I did a class with Sizzix to learn the Eclips die-cut machine. If you are thinking of purchasing a new system, this one is for you. Especially if you are a fan of Tim's..you will WANT/NEED to have the Stamp2Cut cartridges. We were able to test them out and I can say it's very user friendly and all-in-all COOL!
of all, it was the Lake District and there was no way either of us were staying cooped up inside all day with all that wonderful snow-covered countryside to explore. And there was a pool. Had to go for a swim. But I’m not used to swimming so after half an hour I clambered out and my legs felt as though I’d done a six month tour in orbit on the ISS.
Brushing perceptions of the decor aside, we remained hopeful the meal would be fantastic, given the mouth-watering descriptions and the impressive pedigree of Chef Akira Hirose, and the fact that the restaurant was filled to capacity on a Thursday night.
8. Proof of ownership of property 18
I could go on and on about who I am. But in the end, I am just me. I'm the wife of a soldier, a mother of multiples, I live in Germany... But in the end, I am just me.
I see this as a parenting test. Something that doesn’t fit my little ‘parenting plan’ I’ve mapped out in my head. (Admit it, you have one too!) But it’s ok. I’ll deal. No, better, I will conquer this obstacle! Because my son will tell me what’s best for him. And if I have to mash up food for the next few months, then darn it, I will! (But I’m not mashing him pizza.) (Just so we’re clear.)
Welcome to our new friends!
On September 6, 2011, Mark Yarm published the book Everybody Loves Our Town: An Oral History of Grunge. I read it and loved it, and it left me thinking about my ’90s youth, the music that spilled out of old Seattle, and also, about Vasquez. I spun a bunch of his records and thought about how his music seemed to have so much potential for wider appreciation, if not on the scale of his Seattle contemporaries, then at least an appeal wide enough to have elevated him beyond the status of “tragically overlooked local legend.” But there are those musicians who just want to write music and be left alone. They enjoy the creative process for its own intrinsic rewards and don’t want to perform publically, or make money from their art, or even involve themselves in the commercial aspects of being in a band. You have to respect that. Touring, booking, dealing with club owners, record labels and royalties – from all reports, it sounds grating. Maybe Vasquez is that type of musician. Or maybe he was self-sabotaging. Maybe he just needed
The other day I went to the market and got one of my awesome box of veg for £1 deals. Then I went on a massive roasting spree- eggplant, peppers, onions, sage, cabbage, mushrooms, onions. I also have a little casserole pot with a lid that I got from my Nanny job (they are moving) so I layered veg in that with shepherd’s pie seasoning and baked it for some sort of pottage….and then I stir fried some stir fry mix with black bean sauce. It was an epic evening. All eaten with tahini of course.
I wanted to show you a lamp shade I've been working on. Click to see it larger, and you'll be able to see the printed Ad paper from the CD that I used. I just punched circles and layered them, starting from the bottom and working my way up. I tried to attach them towards the top of each row of circles so that the bottoms could sort of curl up. I used Scrapbook Adhesives by 3L Crafty Power tape around the base of the shade to get me stared, and then I used Small Dodz to add the other circles. It came together pretty quickly actually. Adding thread to all the buttons I added for trim, probably took the most time. lol I always need thread in my buttons... lol I've tried to go without.. but just cant. I know .. weird :)
Sometimes, if I’m really lucky and careful about how I pronounce things, I don’t end up having to repeat myself.
more than the other. It is because one will dodge a camera like a mouse
Go visit her site for the recipe. I had all of the ingredients prepared pie crusts, 4 Tomatoes, salt and pepper, scallions and basil, freshly grated cheese and mayonnaise(we use Vegenaise). We have 1/2 of a pie left for another evening. Besides the pie we had a big salad, and a bowl of cherries.
Here is Nate playing
Thank you for joining in this week and to everyone that has taken part throughout the year. Weekend Herb Blogging officially resumes on January 2nd with WHB#315 which will be hosted by me. I will be accepting entries posted during the break, just send them along to the usual address - whb AT cookalmostanything.com
From South Africa Sucks
Sink your teeth into hearty whole grains, including whole-wheat bread and fortified whole-grain breakfast cereals, for a hair-healthy dose of zinc, iron, and B vitamins.
You probably remember that back in January, I decided to do project 10 pan – skincare edition due to the fact that I had more skin care products that one girl should really owns. (You can click here for more information on that blog post)
''Dirty already la! So stupid everything also cannot do properly''
After we put the sail back up and adjusted the daggerboard, we were off. I learn best by trial and error – by someone showing me how to do it once, then trying it and learning from my mistakes. Amy showed me how to steer the boat (when you want to go right, you pull the steering mechanism to the left) and after a few wrong turns, we had a nice rhythm going.
A few times only, at the beginning
And BAM! I had glimmer mist!
In fact, they have about 4 bankers on it right now, staying up all hours trying to hatch a plan to get me a home loan.
"Ah-ha! Look at that! Broken crayons melted into heart shapes for Valentines! BEAT YOU, Pinterest, we did that LAST YEAR!"
6. “Helena Duel” – The lawlessness and everyday mayhem of the Toughest Town on Earth gave rise to the infamous “Helena Duel”. Two bad guys would be stripped. Their left wrists would be strapped together. Each, armed with a 3 inch blade, would then slash away at each other until one bled death from the wounds. Crowds of blood thirsty spectators would watch, cheer, and bet on the outcome.
06 Choctaw Boogie
I turn 'judge not lest ye be judged' on its head, rather.
Standing by Your Window
(whom SJP was a former creative director, until she recently had to step down ),
Some how, by being together, we were able to become more of ourselves side by side.
My fingers run on your face. You look like your mother. I wish you could meet her, little baby.
"Boy, I got some leaving to do"
The devastation of three hurricanes…destroyed much of this home…. But not it’s family or it’s soul.
Instead, we should relax, and approach our problems with the calm assurance that He is with us; our partner and our help in all situations. It is then that we will be able to most effectively face our challenges.
Conclusion- Lockout achieves what it sets out to do and little else, but if you’re looking for an undemanding action movie with a neat idea behind it, this will do quite nicely. It’s not one of Luc Besson’s better movies, but it’s not a bad movie either. It’s mainly meant to function as sort of a love letter to cheesily enjoyable action movies, or at least, I’d like to think so. There’s nothing really done with the sci-fi hook other than placing a supermax prison in space for want of providing that extra bit of challenge for our protaganists, but what Lockout aims to be first and foremost is a cheeky action movie. Of course, the filmmakers were forced to stretch the runtime with dangling plot threads and forced contrivances that go nowhere, including when characters blatantly make stupid decisions for want of artificially lengthening the movie. Seriously, the conflict could have been resolved, and the movie concluded in several early spots, but the script keeps finding increasingly outlandish reasons to keep the two on
The story was absolutely enthralling for me. I could not put this book down. When I had to, my mind was preoccupied with it while I cooked dinner, worked, did basically anything else. Susan weaves history into the story (sometimes with too much instruction) but still in a well-researched and comfortable way.
(at this point, I was slightly suspicious. If she knew he was coming over, why didn’t she answer the door herself? But anyways…)
22. Flicka, The Blind Side, Friday Night Lights....what do they all have in common???
Always make sure any frozen meat has been thoroughly defrosted. And wash hands thoroughly between preparing raw meats and handling other foods or utensils. Also be very strict about utensils being cleaned after using with raw meats, and ensure that marinades that have been in contact with raw meat are disposed of.
According to Steve's Soapbox, the beer costs $2 a pint, and $16 for a growler, and $10 for the refill of said growler. And Mark is open 11 a.m. to 9 p.m. Mondays through Saturdays, 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Sundays.
It’s not okay. As blunt as it sounds, it annoys me to no end when people simply say, “Oh come on, it’s not a big deal,” when it comes not missing out the opportunity to learn an instrument as a child.
Not that I have any trouble finding any old random to go on a date with. But I have a set of standards which I like to adhere to.
*Preferably in their mother's basement.
The experiences of a teenage girl are far removed from those of a man approaching (cough) middle-age. Therefore I initially questioned my ability to engage and empathise with a novel narrated from the viewpoint of such a child, but thankfully I quickly set aside any misconceptions I might have had. From the first page; the first sentence, Abbott had me.
Last night we got an email from our photographer with a link to her blog with a sneak peak of our wedding photos!
Melt butter in a medium frying pan. Over medium heat, add onions, mushrooms and sauerkraut, salt and pepper, until onions are soft. Put aside.
The silence from the police lasted until Fr. McCullough’s letter appeared in the Irish Times. Then, suddenly, he was phoned by an HET investigator who offered a meeting. When Fr. McCullough complained about the indifference shown by the RUC towards his brother, the HET man replied, according to Fr. McCullough: “……that he had never experienced sectarianism in the RUC or PSNI.”
To start with the important things: this time round, the view on the seats was that they were too narrow and too uncomfortable, the rake was wrong or the pitch or both. A fortune had been spent to no effect. I can’t say I can really offer an opinion–in my Newcastle days, I remember meeting a girl at a party who worked in the box office here, and someone with a job and a regular income was definitely on a different socio-economic planet.
Second, I would like to thank the bloggers whose mere mention sends scads of people my way. The list is not complete because I do not really understand how the referring statistics work. With that said and in no particular order, I would like to thank:
And she supports her customer loyalty. When you make your first purchase, take the time to register your details because for every euro you spend you will receive one point. You can save points to exchange for goods in the shop, accumulate them and have a splurge, or just add them up until you have enough for a fat quarter. It is entirely up to you. I for one wish more online shops did this!!
On a positive note, it produces a pretty good belch without that beery feedback loop created by beers which taste of beer and it is named after a song by Spandau Ballet. If that’s not a good reason to drink it I don’t know what is.
General Richard E. Hawley, USAF (Ret.)
Surgery is a short term fix and will not result in long term success without a lot of effort. I will admit that looking great takes a lot of effort in today’s society. Portion sizes are enormous, we work too much, and it can be hard to fit in exercise. Unless you get a spot on the Biggest Loser or go away to a weight loss camp, you will have to make constant efforts to lose weight. It’s worth it because the healthier you feel, the better your life will be. YOU ARE WORTH IT!
At one point, the patient's heart converted to an arhythmic condition which impacted his blood pressure. We gave an arythmia medication to try to break him out, but it didn't work. We moved on to synchronized cardioversion where we attempt to shock the heart back into a regular rhythm, but that too failed. Still, we kept the blood pressure up, the pulses intact, and the oxygenation status good. In the morning, the attending physician - a notoriously critical doc - actually told me and my partner nurse, "Good job." Could have knocked us over with a feather.
Title: DGS Special Broadcast Edition
All Purpose Flour – 1 1/2 Cup
So what to do with all this spare time? I think I'll brew some beer. I think I will brew lots of beer. With all the free time I'm going to have, I should be able to really fine tune some of my own recepies. I can work on my brewing methods and try to become a seasoned home brewer. By the time school starts, I will be ready.
I got to work at half pass nine, it was still raining, his breath still tasted fresh and my boss almost fired me.
304 **12. “Law & Literature and the Bible: Explorations.” Oklahoma City University Law Review, vol. 23, pp. 515-868 (1998). (Sources: Items D-XI/9/1991, D-IV/12/1992, D-II/7/1995, D-II/6/1984, D-IV/28(B)/1996, D-X/4/1996, D-XI/11/1995, D-VI/1(B)/1986, D-IX/1/1995, D-III/29/1997, D-V/4/1984, D-XI/7/1993, D-II/22/1975, D-IV/12/1987, D-IX/30/1979, D-V/14/1992, D-III/6(A)/1976, D-IX/1/1983, D-II/28/1998, D-IV/24(A)/1998, D-IV/24(B)/1998, C-1998(14) (full version), C-1998(13) (full version), D-II/5/1998, D-II/4/1999, E-XI/10/1998, E-X-20/1998, E-XI/14/1998, E-XII/3/1998, E-XII/11/1998, E-I/15/1999, E-II/5/1999, E-I/29/1999, E-II/4/1990, and E-III/3/1999, below.) See ibid., pp. 501-13 (Introduction by Robert H. Henry.)
Two thirds of this delta falls in Bangladesh, with the remaining part in India. The Ganges, before joining the Bay of Bengal, meanders in this region and has thus given birth to this huge habitat. But all these information and much more is available on the internet. It is always just a click of button away. What I want to share is the beauty of this heritage site as I have seen it.
I am planning on using today’s lunch break as the tipping point. I am going to write a bit on this novel even if I don’t feel like it. In terms of this project, it is indeed time to nut up or shut up. 60 pages in and I already know the skeleton of the story and am closely tied to the primary characters. It is looking to be a rather long and uncomfortable book (as a writer and, hopefully, for the readers).
03 Wonderlust King
However, that’s not where ends is it? Adam would not have suffered the terrible death he did were there not a market for the medicine which his tiny body parts became. As Adam died in England, we must assume that market is now in England. Medicine made from bits of little Adam was almost certainly administered to tens, maybe hundreds of people, here in England. As muti is no secret in the ex-patriot African community, many, maybe most, will have known exactly what that medicine contained.
When it comes to Divas matches, these same fans will pick and pull at anything they can in order to continue to wallow in the cesspool of their misappropriated hatred of the WWE’s treatment of women’s wrestling. Again, even if the WWE does something right by these women, someone somewhere will grab the slightest bit of nothing and politely poop over the entire athletic affair.
I am not saying an integrated or holistic approach to their patient’s health would have kept him alive. Indeed, Jobs’s New Age ideas on eating and health (what Andy Grove of Intel called ‘trying to cure himself by eating horseshit and horseshit roots’ – p. 454) may have killed him; he refused surgery in October 2003, when even a leading alternative health practitioner advised him in favour of it. (I am not criticizing or diminishing Jobs; I sympathize with his fears.)
The picture combines elements of the drawing and watercolor art of
The flowers are blooming, the birds are chirping, spring is in the air! I love the new beginnings that this time of year represents. Spring forward with new beginnings for yourself. You know that feeling you get when you do all of your Spring cleaning? You know, the one you get when you clean out the gutters, purge your closet of old clothing or move furniture and clean all the dust bunnies underneath? That feeling of being lighter, glowing and have a sense of accomplishment? I know that feeling quite well after my recent move. I’ve purged my life of unnecessary clutter, cleaning up my belongings that I am keeping and simplifying. It feels great! Now I’m going to clean out my body so I have that same feeling within. Come clean up your body from the inside /out and start this spring with a clean slate. Fit Mind n Body’s Paleo Cleanse for a Cause will leave you feeling lighter, glowing and energized. Take control of your health and spring forward with new beginnings.
The UK economy has now dropped to 7th in the world after being overtaken by Brazil.
More on these and on Stonehaven once I wake up from the dead tomorrow morning….
After our ears had frozen off, we decided to continue our tour in the car. I was amazed as I drove deeper into the neighborhood, to discover street after street of gorgeous new condos and apartments built along the narrow streets that twist and turn closest to the bluff. From the hilltop, you can see the Detroit-Superior Bridge, downtown, the river, and the collection of industrial waste that lines it. Once I made a wrong turn that took me onto the road that heads down into the industrial wasteland and had to turn around and come back up. The condos are gorgeous, but I wonder what the view is like. Can you see all that junk down at the bottom of the hill?
using the room. Imagine having to duck around the flowers
Such as?
EPOS won't wait, the way a nurturing publishing house and skilled editor used to. Fortunately, Hardinge's work isn't that much of niche taste to put her in danger of losing her public. But this latest book does make me wonder about writers who don't look for the lowest common denominator. I hope there will always be a place for them in a world where young readers are offered so much that is ersatz and formulaic.
This card is on black base card layered with distressed red shimmer cardstock. The oatmeal strip is stamped with Stamp-It Victorian Lady and Stamp-It Old Document in Distress Ink Vintage Photo. Embellished with lace, ribbon, pearls and mulberry roses.
I also just sewed an adorable throw pillow for a sweet upcoming arrival's nursery, and once I get permission from Mom-to-be, I'll post pictures and instructions!
In the two hours I was there, the entire truck shown in the photograph above was filled with all sorts of bicycles and similar modes of transport, including one that reminded me of my youth (as you can see from the picture above). Once filled, the bikes are transported to Share-a-Bike’s drop-off facility in East Lansing and the truck returns to be re-filled again.
Meaning a day off from work filled with beer. First hit O'brien's for a grilled cheese and garlic fries paired with a nice fresh Alpine O'Brien's IPA. Great IPA as always. The malt bill in that is fantastic! (I rarely will even want to say that about an IPA but the complexity WORKS here)
02 Somebody to Shove
My card for this week uses this adorable Gorjuss Girl image from Funky Kits which I have had for an age and not used enough!! I love these stamps which are such fun to colour and are perfect for all ages.
We are God’s HANDIWORK – The work of his hands. We are delicate and beautiful people made in his image – THE IMAGE OF GOD. We are perfect in the eyes of God and he loves us beyond the finite understanding that he has granted us. He created us so how can we be a mistake? We are precious to him and he will never give us a challenge or put us in a situation that we cannot handle. So is the grace of God.
Remember to follow the B theme,
with the earth’s rhythms and natural balance;
*we shopped at the local boutiques
“We are now synchronizing every program, trying our best to avoid duplicating, let alone ineffective, programs. This has been part of the monitoring system,” told Amiruddin on Monday (20/02).
Come over here and let me hold your hand and hug you darling
I know I should be thinking about all the things I have to look forward to, but all I can think about is the things I have lost, and am losing. We're not in a situation where I'll be flying back over to visit, or can afford to ship my things. Once we're there, that's it. I'll just have to hope that it all works out.
... and the best book for building your online presence.
This was an actual conversation during my supper fun dating seasons. The next guy couldn’t figure out why I stopped him every time he tried to grope me. “No seriously, my breasts are off limits. (As he reached for me again) Am I stuttering here?”
I suppose the point is that life is about the small pleasures, not necessarily living for every moment. Pleasures are infinitely more precious when we have normality around them.
THE FINDER – Can’t hold AMERICAN IDOL audience, which shocks me because the same people who like bad singers also like procedurals. It’s gone.
Many people dread The Tower even more than Death or The Devil, but again, perspective plays an important role. Do we choose to focus on the lightning, the forcible removal of old paradigms, the free fall, or the fire? How does the implied trauma of this card shift if we acknowledge that the old paradigms no longer worked? The Tower was William Butler Yeats’ very favorite card, and it’s one of mine, too. It has a personal meaning for me, as I associate it with my 1998 brain injury, which arrived like a lightning strike and threw my entire sense of identity, thought patterns, and ways of being into a rocky sea. But you know what? That brain injury was the best thing that ever happened to me. Destroying the old reality opened an expansive and yet strangely intimate reality far beyond and far preferable to what I’d known before.
Yesterday, over a month later, I received a follow-up email from corporate HR, which is located across the country. They want references and a salary expectation. Is it acceptable for me to get excited?
the rules.
In addition, many of the services that are necessary to ITER are currently powered by fossil fuels--though one must admit that ITER's location in France means it is more dependent on the power generation of conventional fission reactors than it would be elsewhere. But even those fission reactors are heavily dependent on fossil fuels for their servicing.
Are fixin' to show you now
However, it does have 2 distinct advantages over other, larger music festivals. The first is it’s less than 15 miles away, and the second is it has a giant willow sculpture that goes up in flames at midnight on the Saturday.
- Total 3.1 miles in 44:22, a 14:19-minute mile pace, or 4.2 mph
p.s. I’m really not the shittest friend you could ever have.
fine print
Cannot utter a word
Who knew Penzance was that far away? Not me. And why are some of the road signs in Cornwall printed in Cornish? Who speaks Cornish? It is bad enough Tesco supermarkets in South Wales have signs in Welsh in areas where people don’t speak Welsh.
I bought a black with holo glittters and the green duo chrome. In all honesty I can't remember the names of these polishes...they subscribe to the name our polish with numbers school of thought... I'm useless with numbers! There is no way I'm remembering that.
4.albertsson-hansen architects
Red Tulle
it's been very foggy.
FarmSlut lost her virginity either close to, or closely after her 15th birthday. She told me that she had slept with two guys already (and I don’t think many 16 year old girls lied about their number in 2004), and I knew she wanted to do it with me. Believe it or not, I was the one putting it off–something that was also influenced by her having sex with her ex that summer. Another story for (maybe, but doubt it) another time.
We could drink that bottle of Jose Cuervo stashed under the front seat of my dad’s 1970 Camero.
Divos? No, that doesn't sound right. What do you call a male diva?
"I don't need to endorse him because I am a 100% supporter him of and I've already endorsed him. And I've already, you know -- everybody always asks me 'Are you going to do what you did in 2008?' What I did in 2008, I did because people really didn't know -- my friends didn't even know who he was at the time," Oprah Winfrey told CNN.
i feel weary and old.
Deanie’s salads. I was so hungry that I wolfed mine down pretty quickly, but I should have savored it, because I think this is the most amount of roughage we would see in New Orleans in the entire week.
Self:When do the cows go outside?
However, there is method to the madness. Feet sweat and shoe leather absorbs the moisture. So the longevity of shoe leather is extended if shoes are allowed at least 24 hours to dry out fully before the next wearing. So men ideally need at least two pairs of shoes for work to allow for alternation. The up side of this is that your shoes will last much longer
I also got a variety 12-pack of Genesee beers from my good friend Sam Komlenic for my birthday last month, and I cracked out two of them, too. 12 Horse Ale was an old fave, but...wow, not so much. Blunt, even coarse, to the point where I was thinking to myself, man, I hope this has changed, because I'd hate to think I once liked a beer like this. But the old reliable, Genesee Cream Ale, was a fun beer to drink! I wasn't expecting much after the 12 Horse wagon crash, but Genny Cream was sweet and light, showing the cream ale style that won multiple GABF gold medals (Genny Cream has more gold medals than almost any other beer; seven, I think). I'd happily order this again on a hot day in a shady bar.
Keep looking, I know I did and I STILL didn't see it.
Hi ya, all! If you are still with me, I am sharing a card featuring a super cute image that will be release on Tuesday, April 17th by Purple Onion Designs.
Take that, toaster.
“What’s the news?”
“Who is John and what does he do?”
This challenge started last year to celebrate my reaching the 200 follower mark. I had no idea that it would take off as well as it did in the short lead time I had in 2010. Nearly 100 bloggers participated last year with many more keeping up with the progress. In the end most of the participants were very satisfied with having been a part of the challenge.
Back to the topic at hand though. I was thinking this morning that the Percy Jackson "Empire" has been nothing BUT a learning experience for our family. We went to see it the first time with much excitement. It looked really good, and it was. Marti and Lilly both loved it, especially Lilly. A few weeks later my grandma gave me some money for cleaning her house. After refusing the money she told me "oh, just take the kids to a movie or something" so we took them to see Percy Jackson again.
Husband: Manny Franks (her agent, m. 10-Jan-1945, div. 10-Dec-1956)
Spend all your time waiting for that second chance
Violet was a vampire and she still craved blood. To meet her needs, he had taken up pig farming and bred a whole herd of pigs on board the TARDIS for her to feed on. He also carried a chemical substitute in case they ever got separated from the ship. He had no intention of ever becoming Violet's victim. When he was especially pleased with her, he would offer her his arm or neck to give her a little taste. Time Lord blood was a great delicacy for her. It was not something he allowed her too often. That was the wonderful thing about her blood thirst. It meant that she could be manipulated so easily. He had often chosen companions who were addicted to drugs. As long as he was the one with the supply on the TARDIS, he could get his human assistants to do what he wanted.
The continental shelf issue has in the past led to tensions between Turkey and Greece. Greek Foreign Ministry spokesman Grigoris Delavekouras said that the determination of Turkey to move ahead with this venture – and license petroleum activities in areas south of Rhodes and Kastelorizo – was contrary to the rules regarding international waters. He underlined that Ankara cannot “undermine sovereign rights and powers of Greece, based on international law”, and promptly summoned the Norwegian Ambassador for a serious dressing down.
Row 4: K in a post-brunch coma/Super Secret Surprise Date for K Part 1: Nopalitos/Super Secret Surprise Date for K Part 2: WULYF at the Independent
And he moved the forth string from his harp crying out and saying: Virgins shall enter to the king after her (Ps. 45:14).
stabbing straight through the blue
What we really need is an in-depth analysis of the systematic causes of anti-empirical bias in elite discourse.
There is nothing we can do to undo the past and all its sin and rejection. But we are called upon to claim the work of Jesus Christ and by faith inherit His life, eternal life. So when we believe on Him as Acts 16:31 commands, He forgives, forgets, justifies, sanctifies, regenerates, seals and so much more, all by grace through faith.
Such an approach would understand that the family, in its diverse forms and shapes, is the building block of society and that we all lose if we don’t find ways to help the family help its members, especially as Canada’s population ages. Such an approach would understand that parents are and must be responsible for raising their children and parental choice is crucial in a society as diverse as ours but also that choice is impossible for most of us absent key public infrastructure and that the best of families need help from time to time. This approach would understand that crime must be punished justly, that justice should be restorative but that we should not allow fear or anger to blind us to proportionality and to what works to make us safer. This approach would understand that pro-choice goes hand in hand with family planning and personal responsibility. And at its foundation it would understand that human dignity requires a commitment to both liberty and equality and that liberty can only truly be experienced within a health
He called on Awang Tengah Ali Hasan, Second Minister of Planning and Resource Management, not to regard the issue as “cheap publicity of DAP.”
who's bound your soul and controls the controller
I just know that summer 2012 is going to be one of
Teaching art gets a bad rap, in my opinion. Some look at it as a default job because you just couldn't get your REAL art jib started, or it's just a way to pay bills. Teaching is very rewarding. Most of us have devoted outpr lives to learning how to draw, paint,and sculpt why should thatknowledgejust die with us? It shouldn't. We have a responsibility to impart what we've learned to other generations so that they might expand and grow, and one day teach others. In a way, by teaching, no matter what the age group or setting, we're putting pieces of our selves into others ane insuring in a small way, that we will live forever.
“I got a parking pass for the train. I used to have to park in a remote lot and walk on the side of a busy road. Now I park steps from the train. It’s changed my life.”
Travelling around England gives you get a sense of how the spirit of the contemporary age is expressed in contemporary architecture, while history and identity are expressed in historic architecture. Nearly every English town or city has been ruined or seriously damaged by the local authorities. It was a tragic mistake to give local councils the power of compulsory purchase to demolish property and build some temporary shopping mall or office block. Most cities are now largely owned by the local councils who have taken property off private owners and are ceasing to be English: just ugly, incoherent muddles.
This past Saturday, one of our weekend regular babysittees slept over (we know a pile of kids whose parents call us when they need a night out. The parents get a break, my kids get a sleepover, everybody's happy). She and D are buddies and spent much of the evening hiding on the recliner together under a blanket tent and giggling. Sunday morning, we discovered that the friend was crawling with lice. Is your head itching just thinking about it? Mine is! Anyway, after her mom had collected her we gathered every soft surface the kids had played with (I am STILL washing those!), steam cleaned the chairs and couches, vacuumed the carpets, and buzzed D as bald as his Daddy. He thinks it's hilarious and loves that people keep rubbing his head like a good luck charm. I'm still traumatized.
Duration: Approximately 93 minutes
And that I now have a wife and son
Flash forward to December 26. There you sit, in your latest ugly Christmas sweater that already has a splotch of holiday gravy on the front, wondering how to avoid looking like a schlub when you uncork the champagne you've been assigned to purchase for the next family inquisition commonly known as New Year's Eve.
But I did it. I finished. I submitted my final draft to my adviser, who has been amazing throughout this entire process. Pending any edits and revisions I get from her next week, I will officially have finished my graduate degree.
350 4. “P“Prudence and the Constitution: On the Year 2000 Presidential Election Controversy.” Ethan Fishman, ed., Tempered Strength: Studies in the Nature and Scope of Prudential Leadership (Lanham, Maryland: Lexington Books, 2002), pp. 181-218. (Sources: Items D-XI/21/2000, D-I/27/2001, D-IV/5/2002, E-X/20/2000, below.) See Item C-2002(5), below.
Droṇa is a great martial artist, who was the instructor of the entire royal family. His son is Aśvatthāmā, who beheaded the five sleeping children of “Kṛṣṇā.” The master of Droṇa’s son is Duryodhana, because he was the leader under whose cursed banner Droṇa and his son fought.
Now let me share with you what I have come up with.
For the mothers in helping them to 'study their children' and oversee their growth:
2 single
A featurette of the film for your viewing pleasure:
razor
When it’s time for kids to be let go, let ‘em go. She raised us boys to be independent, to take care of ourselves, to clean up our own messes, and to purchase our own stuff. She set us free to live our lives as we felt led to lead them. When it was time to let us go, she let us go.
Since we're designing our own pizza, I decided to go all out. I had Gorgonzola cheese, eggplant, and Italian Sausage. So let's see, cheese - check, veggie - check, meat - check.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Top 2 – (Me) Gela Tangente, Charlotte Amante, Lyca Acilo
So thats it, until September at least. I know roughly where I’m going then, though I’m sure Kate will happily keep most details top secret until much nearer the time, or later lol! And there I will stop, need to start packing, then one last round up, then bed. Need to be up by about 5 in the morning (10 pm now), so…
Looks like a burger, right?! It was pretty good, but I'm a fan of portobellos in general. This was a grilled portobello topped with a mixture of fat free mozzarella, garlic powder, and oregano. I put it on an Arnold's Sandwich Thin and topped with a drizzle of balsamic vinegar, some fresh basil from my garden, and tomatoes. This was crazy low in points and so satisfying! I would suggest NOT eating it on a bun though, unless you're into the whole wet bread thing. I am not a fan of any kind of soggy bread and between the mushroom juices, the balsamic, and the tomatoes this meal was just too wet to come anywhere near a slice of bread!
(And it slowly faded across the deserts!)
An even bigger and more ambitious effort that includes Canadian provinces — and even Mexican states — as “observers” is set to go into effect in 2012. Known as the Western Climate Initiative, the scheme is described on its official website as “a collaboration of independent jurisdictions working together to identify, evaluate, and implement policies to tackle climate change at a regional level.”
Like her, Joseph was taken away from his home, and it is in him that Asenath comes to find solace…and love. But just as they are beginning to form a bond, Joseph is betrayed by his master’s wife and thrown into prison.
All in all this app is a good start to introduce a preschooler to phonics or to reinforce the learning of phonics through the Reception year at school and into Key Stage One, where sounds are still consolidated.
The Idiot was standing in the middle of his own bedroom floor with a rolled up school photo of his youngest son, given the impossible task of tracking and murdering an unknown foe that had maliciously bitten his little bride on the chest.
Of course there are many influential books in the world. But the story is king. I don’t care whether you want to save the the Amazon rainforest, or stop bullying, or prevent date rape, or merely get children to pick up after themselves and turn out the lights when they leave a room: if your reason for writing is to preach some message, no matter how important or wonderful it may be, your ulterior motive will show up like a tarantula on a slice of angel-food, as Philip Marlowe once said. Books are not ‘messages’. They are about people – your characters – and what happens to them. The only way to make us care about your message is to make us care deeply about your characters, and paradoxically that means you, the writer, must care for your characters even more than you care for your beloved cause. Only in this way will there be even a chance of you writing another ‘Black Beauty’ or ‘Uncle Tom’s Cabin’. In a modern idiom, of course.
I think I've had too much caffeine.
The throne also got a crossbow so that whomever is riding can still take a couple shots at the peasants below.
Harper can’t help that Nick has come blazing back into her life in all of his frustratingly appealing, gorgeous architect glory. But in Nick’s eyes, Harper’s always been the one. If they can only get it right this time, forever might be waiting—just around the bend.
SJ: *smiles proudly*
It adds to my guilt
As before, don’t let yourself be distracted by her long, healthy, flowing, mesmerizing cascading hair. It’s her trademark.
The “M2″ money supply includes everything in the “M1″ money supply plus most other savings accounts, money market accounts, retail money market mutual funds, and small denomination time deposits (certificates of deposit of under $100,000). In June 2011 the M2 money supply was $9.11 trillion.
Last year, as pay freezes continued for U.S. federal employees, some 4,800 New York-based UN staff received a three-percent pay raise. When Joseph Torsella, Washington’s envoy for UN reform, called for the “inappropriate” salary hike to be rescinded, the independent commission responded by ratcheting up salaries in Geneva, Rome, Paris, London, Tokyo and a score of other cities.
631-456-5394
4. I'd love for you to follow my blog!
Soon pen, pencil and paper will also be against her!
When the moment of guilt takes over
Yet this is how many people approach the lifestyle change of healthy eating. They say, "No more fast food for me, I'm going to do it this time!" or "No more carbs, no more sugar: that's what Jessica Alba did for bikini season!" And does it ever work? Really?
HAVE FUN!!!
Kogi state to the west, Benue
5) Copy of any valid form of your Identification;
So, tonight I am reading Secondborn a story. Firstborn comes to stand in the doorway and says, "Did you get what I sent you?"
Short films
to futures blooming distantly,
It is certainly the largest second-hand bookshop I have ever visited and they are constantly adding new features. There’s a room for children’s and teen books with a bookcase in the shape of a truck in the middle (with a cab you can climb into). The children’s classics (think old editions of Arthur Ransome, Angela Brazil and Anthony Buckeridge, to name but a few – some more battered than others but all of them gorgeous) are just outside the entrance to that room, alongside the classic adult fiction and crime. In the front room (with the coffee, cakes and open fire) there’s literary fiction, modern women’s fiction, historical, war-era and SF/fantasy fiction. There’s a large area for history books of various kinds with the audio books by the cashdesk. And then there’s the Big Room – row upon row of shelves of every genre you can think of (including overflow areas for some of the afore-mentioned) plus glass cases around the edge containing some of the more precious books. If you’re looking for anything from a cheap o
We had a mellow week, for once.
I have been a pastor’s wife for 20+ years now. Four of those years we were in local church youth/family pastoral ministry while also in part-time itinerant ministry. We also spent about 10 years in strictly itinerant ministry. Neither the years of youth-pastor ministry, nor the years of itinerancy, during which we ministered to many pastoral couples, prepared us for the role of full-time local pastoral ministry.
Ahlborg G. Epidemiological studies on occupational factors and pregnancy outcome. National Institute of Occupational Health. Arbete og Hälsa. Arbetsmiljöinstitutet, Solna: Doctoral Dissertation 14; 1990: 1-65.
The rest of the biscuits can be displayed on a dish with other Christmassy things like gilded walnuts, clementines and candy-canes so the smaller and bigger members of the family have something to nibble at, in the time leading up to Christmas .In Germany, this tradition is called " Bunte Teller"( colourful plates) because of all the colours .
*side rant* Carlos is working for a non-profit counseling addicts. How exactly does one get a counseling job without any sort of education in counseling? Can every Joe Schmo off the street get to say “Hey, I can help others get over their addictions because I used to be an addict?” *rant over*
If an attorney wants me to seriously consider their arguments that my motivation is no good, they need to pick one piece of case law, and please, tell me why it applies to the particular circumstances of this application. Then I’ll be happy to consider the arguments.
On the more truly "baby" end of the field, your likely #1 contender is the Biggie Baby.
BE SPECIFIC about what choices Randi makes and what's at stake. Without that it's just noise.
6. V.
I need to get out more.
Faber: We had the big move. The gold price overshot when it went to $1,921 on Sept. 6 last year. And then we oversold on Dec. 29, when gold went down very quickly to $1,522. I suppose around this level, gold’s price is moving sideways. I wouldn’t mortgage my house expecting prices to go up. They could still go down more and we would still be in a bull market even if gold prices dropped to $1,200/oz, although that’s not in my forecast.
Right before my kitchen became unusable, The Gentleman Friend and I made this tasty dish. I don’t have a photo of my version of it, but here’s the one from the blog, Tasty Tidbits, I got the recipe from:
a fraud. I hope all those lovely people in the class will forgive me. (I
Go 'head and pour me some wine
Tarrus Riley - Children A Pree We
This was the first 2011 album I heard, way back in January, and I was instantly enthralled by its mid-winter evocation of a summery boat cruise. The husband-and-wife duo behind Tennis came up with these songs while on a long sailing trip, and upon returning to land they crafted this immaculate set of nautical pop. The result is nearly irresistible, all girl-group melodies and shimmery production that makes Cape Dory seem less like a true summer album, more like a nostalgic backwards glimpse of summer, which I guess is why it was released in the winter and has returned to my regular rotation now that summer has come and gone. The songs are simple, direct and short, just perfect little slices of pop beauty, and at barely a half-hour long, the album never wears out its welcome. Instead, like the summer itself, Cape Dory leaves one wanting more, wishing for just a little more sun and ocean spray, a little more of these sweet, warm, somehow a bit sad songs. [buy]
From that day forward we always called Cornish Hens, "Little Kittens"
I had a motorcycle years ago, but I sold it when Kayleigh was little. I wasn't using it and we needed the money. I always kind of regretted it, and every spring and fall since then I've looked through the want ads to see what's out there. This year, Julia Joy was out there. I love her and will take very good care of her.
This is just the tip of the iceberg, with more and more killings occurring each week. As of this moment, the total number of known South African farm murder victims stands at 3,047, however, the figure may be much higher, given how hard the South African authorities and politically correct media work to suppress news of these attacks. Furthermore. This figure only includes those who have died, and not those who survived despite suffering terrible mutilation and trauma. The figure also only covers the specific category of white farmers, who have fallen victim to a an unquestionable genocide, and does not include the vast numbers of urban white South Africans who are raped and murdered each month by non-whites.
this weekend they will be streaming the Games live online. Does anyone have any plans or ideas how the ones that are interested could make it an event to hang out together and watch the Games? I will be busy all day Saturday, but if anyone has an idea, lets hear it!
The work that you and I ( and, oh yeah..... what's his face) did together made my children possible.........
Cornwell, Patricia. Predator. New York: Putnam & Sons, 2005.
It didn't help matters much that I was in a minor accident that blew out both passengers' side tires on my vehicle - my ONLY vehicle. Did I tell you that this hasn't been a good time to be me? No? Thought I'd have mentioned that....
Odette Yustman is not working with her best script, but even so, her performance in And Soon the Darkness is painful to watch. Yustman does a much more acceptable job in The Unborn, where she is playing a character that seems to fit her personality better: chilled, subdued, and vulnerable. In And Soon the Darkness, Yustman is trying her hardest to play a wild, crazy, sexual being, and this character doesn’t come as naturally to her. To make up for her lack of experience in this type of role, Yustman resorts to playing stereotypes and clichés, and looks uncomfortable on screen. Further inflating the problem, writers Jennifer Derwingson and Marcos Efron make the character of Ellie dislikable. So not only is Yustman fighting against her miscasting, but she is also trying to win back the audience, who will most likely be rooting against her by the second act of the film. As an example, in the opening scene, Ellie is shown leaving her friend for a sexual encounter, and even hitting on a guy that Stephanie is interested in. These are bo
I don’t think I have written about this type of music before, but I’d like to share this song that
8. You see a gorgeous girl at a party. You go up to her and before you say anything, another person come and tell her: 'I'm rich.. Will you marry me?' and she goes with him. - That's competition eating into your market share
When I left the workforce back in early 2010, I was making an annual salary of $72,000. Each paycheck (after taxes, deductions and a 401K contribution) was approximately $1,800 – twice a month. If I went back to work full time, I probably wouldn’t make MORE than I was making previously. I might even take a pay cut since I’ve been out of the workforce for two + years and the economy has gone from bad to worse. If I was lucky, I could make about $1,700 per paycheck - $3,400 per month. Not too shabby! An extra $3,400 each month would be AMAZING after living on a single income for the past few years. However - then you factor in child care costs and things start to get pretty ugly…
In most cases I have experienced a long, hard day at work and should have been in bed hours prior. Yet, arriving home, I was tasked with cooking dinner, making lunches, doing laundry, and random other chores…. these things greatly delay the hour in which I retire to spend quality time with my pillow. Most normal people would leave their blogs for another day and succumb to their natural pull towards slumber. I, however, cannot allow myself that satisfaction. Why? Well, in a moment of unexplained insanity, I agreed to blog for 400 days in a row. Therefore, no matter how exhausted I may be, that daily post must be up by midnight. With my eyelids half-shut I begin to type….. I feel my head drift down towards my keyboard. I fight to stay awake…… I no longer remember what my last sentence was about – in fact, I no longer remember what this particular blog entry is about. All I know is I need to finish the entry NOW because I cannot stand another second of this torture. Yes, In this moment, I am sleepblogging.
We are Really sad to see her go! but wish her a chilled out time!
We went out to the grocery store to get some pineapple for Walnut. While we were there somebody we don’t even know gave my kids each a dollar through one of the ladies that works there. Crazy! And I almost left my cell phone because I put it down on a case of water behind the conveyor belt, and forgot I put it there. One of our regular guys took us out. He’s about 10 years younger than me, and he is always very nice to me and the kids. I think he might be flirting with me, or trying to because, he said that I look like I am 10 years younger than I am, and he was really hurt when I mentioned that I could tell by looking at him that he drank far too much milk and not enough water. I didn’t mean it in a mean way. Drinking a lot of milk makes your face rounder. The boy who is the smallest physically of any of my kids, in bone structure, has the roundest face, because he drinks a ton of milk. Anyway, when I first said it, before I explained myself, you would have thought I took out my b-b gun and shot the poor guy in the foot. When
Which roughly translated means they're Arabs and so can't get permits and because they can't get permits they can't settle and because they can't settle they are nomads and because they are nomads they can't get permits and, oh never mind.
* 2 teaspoons fresh fresh thyme, or 1 teaspoon dried thyme (optional)
I stayed in Cub Scouts for only two years as a Wolf and a Bear. Of course, during those two years my father chose to be the Scoutmaster. While others might relish this, I knew that it would just lead to me being ridiculed at school, which it did. Some of my bullies were also in the Cub Scout group, including Mitchell, who plays the biggest part in this story about the Big Nose and the Black Eye.
When was the last time we saw consistent big plays down the field to a big wide receiver? Eric Moulds? Ok. So Terrell Owens provided a small cure here and there, but he didn’t get the job done with all his hype.
in another life.
Another example I previously used was some neighbors we have who would constantly scream, yell and cuss at their kids; sometimes even so much as beating them. Do they not realize how much that can affect a child in the long run? Or even better; do they even care? There is a phrase I’ve heard parents say many times that really gets me heated, “You make me do this.” That right there proves that particular parent should never have been a parent in the first place. Years and years of all kinds of disrespect and abuse like that towards children will create teens and adults who are mentally and emotionally messed up because their parents didn’t care enough to teach, nurture and properly discipline them.
Proper Job - (IPA)
I have lots more pictures to show you but I just wanted to give a quick update. So until next time...
Michelle Sutton certainly lives up to her tagline as “the Edgy Inspirational Author” with this novel. Several times, as I read Never Without Hope, I found myself wanting to go find a fan. The thing about Michelle’s writing is that she’s not afraid to tackle the tough stuff; the subjects Christian readers want to know about, but are afraid to ask.
Yes I know I am running a bit late, but it has been a madly busy few days, and I have also had a bit of a battle with my back...this slowed me down, but I think I am slowly getting back on track. Welcome to my new friends...great to see you here and hope you will find some inspiration to return often.
-AUDIO: The Dark Side Of The Moon, Original stereo mix (1973) mastered in high resolution audio at 96 kHz/24-bit
Fireman and I had been texting and chatting for two or three weeks. Being a fireman is what he does ‘for fun’ and to be involved in his community. In his day job he is an IT systems analyst. He has several degrees. A masters in psychology. He went to university on a swimming scholarship, still holds several records in his home state from his high school years, and he went to the Olympic trials in Atlanta. (Most of this he didn’t tell me, as he is surprisingly humble… I found out when I googled him.) Oh, and did I mention he is HAWT!?! All six feet two inches of him are gorgeous.
On another note, I have two spots left for my dsp shares, this wasn't advertised on my blog before, but I have couple spots from share I was doing, so let me know if you are interested. I will be ordering all of the dsp on the 7/26 so let me know ASAP :). Shoot me an email and I will send you an invoice
I spent the afternoon and evening of the 18th weeding my front garden. It was relaxing, until my back begged me to stop. Is there a way to garden without my back suffering for it? I meant to take pictures as soon as I was done weeding, but then it was dinner time and after that too dark. The next day was my birthday and I forgot. Yesterday, my head hurt so bad I wanted to cry. Since my birthday on the 19th my son and I have come down with some sort of bug. The little guy was worse off than I was, but he is sleeping and recovering now. I am feel much better now.
because, yes, my darlings, i'm blue. the MITM is back in deepestdarekestafrica. netflix streaming has become my very best friend for comedies. but have no fear, tomorrow, i hit the track and get moving again!
She's in my list because of her gift of hospitality. She was a great hostess, and her house in Laurel Canyon was a magnet for musicians. Legend had it that David Crosby, Steven Stills and Graham Nash met at Cass Elliot's and sang together for the first time. Neil Young was always there. Joni Mitchell met Graham Nash at Cass's place. It can be argued that the whole West Coast music scene had its roots in Cass's home. It may have taken David Geffen's Asylum Records to bring the music to a worldwide audience, but it all began at Cass's.
Thanks to SCBWI for this Schmooze - we all had a blast!
“Foxes not only prey on native animals, but increase the spread of invasive weeds by dispersing weed seeds through their droppings and it is imperative that we reduce their impact,” he said.
I had seen some of these images before, but without proper credit to Frances. Now they're all appropriately catalogued, thanks to years of efforts on the part of the book's author Sam Watters. They are freely online at the Library of Congress, which holds FBJ's archive, but it is much nicer to have them along with the informed discussion of the American Garden Beautiful that the book provides.
Nor do you fix it by making other people agree that you're happy and getting pissed off at them when they won't play along.
If you enter Tagged.com and/or Tagged.inc in Google followed by "spam" you'll get many more websites and blogs complaining about Tagged." (courtesy of yahoo answers)
I blame no one but myself.
it was bitter cold too
In advertising B.B. (Before Bernbach) and, sadly, today, we are currently "still awash with Victorian gentility and doily-type embroidery on everything from manners and modes to conversation..." Ads, presentations and everything else are tarted up like waterfront hookers. They're painted and laced and full of a frenzy of colors and decorations.
-$2/1 Olay Body Wash Flu bookq
Gold, eh? Yep. Gold! The film opens with a guy poking around inside a cave located in what I assume is Akasava. Wearing one of them silver fireproof suits and wielding a portable geiger counter, he comes across this weird chunk of rock, one that makes his portable gadget go haywire. As he's removing the shiny stone–which he has since placed in a silver briefcase–from the cave, he's shot by an unknown assailant. Staggering to his car, his chauffeur manages to get the wounded spelunker and the magic stone back to the professor's lab. Since the professor, the esteemed Professor Forrester, doesn't know anything about treating gunshot wounds, he's a mineralogist, not a doctor, he travels to see his doctor friends, Dr. Thorrsen (Horst Tappert) and Dr. Ingrid Thorrsen (Ewa Strömberg), to ask them to help his bleeding assistant.
So how about you? Do you recognize yourself in any of these stages? Where are you at right now? Have any stages to add?
This was to help with planning, but also to help make connections.
Shredded Mexican blend cheese (such as Colby, Monterrey, Pepper Jack, Queso)
Thanks for stopping by and welcome to my recent new Followers. You are all very welcome.
Daddy had seen to it long ago, however, that any type of sexual relationship was out of the question. I was damaged goods at his hand and would NEVER have sex again.
hopeful like the birds,
"Happy Memorial Day"...it seems to just flow off the tongues of those around us. As though Memorial Day is just any other "holiday" to be celebrated with joy and happiness. When someone says "Hey Happy Memorial Day" what exactly are they so "happy" about? Maybe its the extra 20% or 30% they will get off beach towels at Macys, or maybe its the fact that they are off work, cooking out and not paying any attention to why they are really off work. Do these "happy" people take any time during their day off to share a moment thinking of those who paid the ultimate price for them to be off work and cooking out, or shopping "the big sale"??
definition of the black universe in III.1 represents and expresses the objective realization of the truth of the dreamy khoric universe-thought, the disclosure of the non-transparency of the noetic sense of universe as the non-transparency of the Real itself, that is, the absolutely ineradicable radically immanent universal truth that is by definition beyond and foreclosed to thought. These two definitions—the definition of the universe as an opaque, solitary thought and the definition of the black universe as the opacity of the real—translate, across the space traced by the shift from opaqueness as adjectival property to nominal thing, between the sleep of mere conscious being to the wakefulness of knowledge or science. Where the universe is a kind of thought that is present in the human simply by virtue of its event, an awareness-birth that bounds animally through its own advent and provides the dreamless dream space wherein man’s eyes are opened, the black universe is the waking revelation of universe seen according to the R
People that are working at losing weight and belly fat should make sure that they eat a good and nutritional breakfast each morning to start the day. Fish, vegetables, dark chocolates and fruits are nutrition food to eat for people who are desirous of losing belly fat. They should make sure however to avoid foods that have a high level of saturated fat and sugar at all cost.
This is a very traditional recipe and so easy to make. It's tasty, will send your blood sugar stupidly high and rot your teeth. It will also make you want more. Don't say I didn't warn you !!!
BP's CASTROL motor oil products are distributed in a unique bottle design for which BP received a design patent. The patent expired in 2005, but BP continued to mark its bottles with the patent numbers. Respondent Thomas A. Simonian (a patent attorney) filed a qui tam relator complaint under 35 U.S.C. §292.
Have you ever wanted to own a Designer Handbag but the cost was just too high? Well now you can own one at Pre-Owned Handbags 4 Less at a fraction of the original cost.
THE OLYMPIC GAMES. I've written them on our calendar, just in case there was a danger of us missing them. We're pretty excited about watching many of our favourite sports (eg. gymnastics, swimming, diving, equestrian events) and being inspired by Paralympians.
no longer do i feel like part of this house is mine.
The whole process took 30 mins or pain. In the end she asked me HOW SOON was I due to see my doctor? SO something is wrong but no-one will tell me what. Hopefully the doctor will have the results in the next 24hrs and she will call me in to tell me the good/bad news.
What I mean is… yeah I DO have that pain …but I only give credence to it for so long.
Pike
The formula was good, an equal balance of an ongoing story and a story within the episode, with the mini titles for each chapter. Again, "reading" like a comic. Then we have the homages, where everyone on the internet cried "rip off!" and missed the point: the difference between an homage and a rip off is love.
I, at last, am writing.
Would Yankees leave the Bronx?
down. The anti-tank weapons cache
Section 3 of the Preamble to the Massachusetts State Bar’s Rules of Professional Conduct states the following: “A lawyer should demonstrate respect for the legal system and for those who serve it, including judges, other lawyers, and public officials. While it is a lawyer’s duty, when necessary, to challenge the rectitude of official action, it is also a lawyer’s duty to uphold legal process.”
The library offers so many wonderful mind jogging opportunities. If I ever get stuck with an empty brain I am right there. One books leads to another and a million new questions spread and grow. It is lovely.
· 4 cups steamed rice
It’s either Islam or western culture/government. If on Western soil, the choice had better be Islam, and FAST… unless we want our little granddaughters growing up to wear the Burkha and trained to view their own ancestors as “infidels“.
The following is my response to her post, verbatim:
I was struck by the words of the juror of the show.
After the supper, everyone has gone for sleep but Mahek and Pratyush are still awake.
Well, seemingly a risk assessment has now been conducted which has given the all clear; additionally South West Trains claims that there was a "misunderstanding".
A fraction of a second before he shoved his blade, the Sith deactivated both of his weapons, leaving Ken with nothing to shove against. The sudden lack of resistance caused Ken to overstep and the Sith warrior threw his weight into him, rolling bodily across his exposed back. Ken’s mind raced with the possibilities of his next moves, but it was already over. He heard the Sith’s boots hit the carpet and the snap-hiss of a lightsaber’s ignition accompanied with a pain so intense it roared through his every sense. He felt his hand go numb, the fingers falling open and his weapon rolling from his grasp.
______
You'd think there would be scores of poems written about the White Horse of Uffington, but the only one I can find is GK Chesterton’s immensely long ‘Ballad of the White Horse’ (written when the Horse was still thought to be as recent as King Alfred’s victory over the Danes, and much more about Alfred than the Horse). I think these lines from the poem do still suggest something of the Horse's wonder and power.
The phlog acts like the backburner acted when it first came out; no airblasts, more damage. Actually, with how the bb is played now, it just works like a second backburner. W+M1 everywhere. Boom. Charred mess all over the floor.
I feel lucky and blessed to have been a party of so many wonderful events, but I am looking forward to getting back to life on my schedule:)
For equipping 8 items: +7 Weapon/Magic ATT, +11 All Stats, +10 Speed/Jump.
Doesn't she look so pretty and feminine in her new duds!
Haley Joel Osment (The Sixth Sense)
“Homework: Compose a poem about my defeat of the Wagga Wagga Werewolf! Signed copies of Magical Me to the author of the best one!”
"It's not candy!" I said
want, what keeps them from confronting the problems and/or admitting
Marvin Gaye – “Let’s Get it On” (Tamla)
We may not see how with our eyes…
This is a tiny little bar/pub with a huge array of beers, including many Thornbridge ales, which, as a Sheffielder, was pleasing to see. Watch out though as beer snobbery is rife here, to the point that when I complained that my wine glass smelt of antiseptic the bartender wouldn't smell it, claiming that he 'knew nothing about wine'. What-e-ver! He changed it anyway. Gav enjoyed a half of something with a stupid alcohol content and we both enjoyed sitting outside watching the buses come and go from the bus station. It was what it was, a watering hole and as I'm not a beer fanatic I didn't fully appreciate it, although I am thinking that it's probably about time I got into this real ale lark...
I haven't written anything in a while. I realize it's because I always want what I write to be eloquent or impacting. Frankly, that is an exhausting thought, and even more so an activity.
Here's the hard part. Pornography, fantasy, and masturbation go hand in hand. For males, you rarely have one without the other. So if a man tells you that he's addicted to pornography, it also means that he fantasizes and that he masturbates. It's gross to think about it, I know, but it's true.
150. Jerk Wings @ Monday Night Tasting (Sly Fox Brewery – Phoenixville, PA) 6:19 p.m.
Destroying America through the 1965 Immigration Act, which he completely lied about, before it was passed and signed in to law.
Empty
Chart Album Mingguan
Here it is! The comp responsible for getting me into one of my favorite bands "Lanemeyer". And Also my first taste and 90's style pop punk. It also house one of my top 5 favorite songs (Easy Target - Stickin' Around).
I think, in part, this may have been because I was trying to do too much. I had multiple POV characters - one of which was a child - and was trying to tackle themes like faith vs. reason. I can also see now that I didn't clearly identify what was at stake for my characters.
Make rebellion as attractive to the Orders as tulips in the springtime sun
of boundless happiness.
I remember holding him.
Back in the day, the Diploma was prestigious, and the Degree was something that was like Biblical.
Flush after flush after flush -
the doctor examined her and told her that she did not have cancer. This went on
Why can't I lead like her?
Smith-Corona Clipper. Serial 5C 419075. This is a 1959 machine, at the bottom of the line of large portables for Smith-Corona. It has no tabulator, no paper support arms, and two fewer keys than the contemporaneous Silent-Super and Electric machines we've just been looking at. However, note one obvious change on this 1959 machine; the logo on the front has been changed and is now no longer underlined. The logo on the Electric was also not underlined, either. We might then guess, roughly for the moment that the underline disappears in about 1958 or 1959. Of course, this is purely decorative and implies nothing about design- it's just a spotting feature. Note the keytops. Green, still T-section.
Summer of '42
Do you lament for my broken legs? Because wicked people will eat you? Because of the drought that will strike you when sacrifices to the gods cease?
Indeed, Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad has long argued that we are an Islamic state. The recent canings strengthen this position — though I disagree with such a definition.
2) Set the scene and just sit - Location, location, location!
Success, in fact, is the major cause of failure. Five years of success will ruin any business. Lew Platt, former CEO of Hewlett-Packard, confessed: “The single biggest problem in business is staying with your previously successful business model ... one year too long.”
1. Each of my kids thinks that I favor the others over them… and at various times through their life cycles I have favored them. They are all VERY unique individuals. Right now my favorite is my “baby”, Tiffany LeAnn. She is an amazing human being on many levels and I am most proud to be her mom.
I'll be in and out as the mood strikes me! So I may not blog much this week.
If you, like me, have a penchant for old school photos, I can thoroughly recommend a visit to this edition of Alan Burnett's Sepia Saturday, where this week's charming image prompt depicts a group of young lads on a break from class, being asked to "Look up" by the photographer. A couple of them did! The rest ... well, they did what all school boys do when asked en masse to pose for a school photograph.
Speaking of discrimination, here's a link to an address that Elder Boyd K. Packer gave at Brigham Young University on 14 January 1977 titled "Follow the Rule", helping to give us a fuller picture:
The plot was a combination of “Phantom of the Opera”, “Dorian Gray” and relied heavy on the “Faust” theme. Paul Williams, all 4 foot ten inches of him, was miscast as the devil. The scene that barely sticks out in the deepest parts of my memory is...well....I can't remember a fucking thing about it except when we left the theater that night we wished we could go to a rock concert that was like the movie we had just seen.
In the meantime, here are a few cards I've seen in the few days that have caught my eye:
7. I drive a previously loved car - that needs snow tired BADLY!! lol
This is my neighbors recipe. We have eaten it several times in their home and they've brought it to us a couple times after surgery. (They're great neighbors & know it is my hubbies favorite.) It is delicious!
It's only after you've known them for some time that you find out what it was in their past or background that caused that particular reaction. Maybe they tell you themselves or you might hear it from someone else. Either way, the pieces suddenly fall into place and you think,
It was of no added advantage that the place was so frigging hot! A thousand plus bodies with the attendant body heat was no picnic. The man was saying something about “parties to a suit” I was paying no attention. The girl drooling beside me held more interest; the guy in front of me was fiddling with an i-pad the dude to my left was fighting sleep with little success, and the chic in front of me was day dreaming, her eyes seemed glazed. I wonder what she was thinking about.
“The place where they are seen is one of heavy transit” of river cargo and tourist passage, and so the potential for more violent encounters remains high, Soria said.
One of the highlights of the film was the snippet shown of Angus Buchan’s Mighty Men Conference in 2010 where more than 300 000 men gathered together in conference. Just those few moments are enough to show the audience how inspiring and motivating he is as he preaches Gods Word. Angus Buchan said in a statement at the Rosebank première, “Success is failure turned inside out, that’s why the Lord takes nobodies, Ordinary People like you and me, broken down old potato farmer and He uses us in amazing ways. He gives us new lives, He gives us new opportunities and folks if He can do it to these men that you have seen in the movie, He can do it for you and me.”
What Is Persistence?
Danika Cooley is a freelance children’s writer with a love for God’s Word, history, wisdom and small people. Her work has appeared in magazines including Focus on the Family’s Clubhouse and Clubhouse Jr., Pockets, Devozine, Keys for Kids, and Cobblestone Group’s FACES and Odyssey and in Chicken Soup for the Soul: The Magic of Mothers and Daughters.
I have purposefully left much unsaid about this book, and avoided plot specifics, in hopes that you will experience the intensity and drama for yourself. Production of a Hunger Games movie is underway, but this is a book that must be read to be believed. Overall, this novel was the most exciting and suspenseful story I have ever read . . . until I read the sequel.
Almost every town has a CSA for you to join. Some ask for you to pay for the whole season upfront but others, like mine, allow you to pick and choose which weeks you want. Mine even sends an email out a few days before the box arrives telling you what is in the box so you can decide if you want it that week or not.
Driving under the influence of intoxicating substances is the Number 1 killer on our roads and JPSA has recently put a comprehensive proposal to a number of stakeholders to tackle this scourge effectively. People need to come to the realisation that driving under the influence of intoxicating substances has dire consequences and cannot and will not be tolerated any longer. However, this problem must be effectively tackled before people are killed and/or injured as prevention is better than cure – always!
I have a dilemna, I am a true book lover and also a true movie lover! Every once in awhile this leads to a bit of conflict because a movie will be released that was based on a book that I have read and loved.
Cover and bake in the preheated oven for about 2 1/2 to 3 hours, or until meat is tender enough to fall apart.
Acquisition 15
132. Scarlet Letter, The: Nathaniel Hawthorne +
Here's what Tessa had to say about her time on the 2011 SRM Stickers Design Team; "I count being a part of the SRM team in 2011 as one of my greatest blessings of the year. It has been an amazing experience. Susan has been an absolute dream to work for. She is caring, encouraging, and oh-so-thoughtful. Jenyfur has been a magnificent team coordinator and cheerleader. Every member of the design team was kind, supportive and inspiring. Just to be associated with these gals has been a huge boost to my crafty morale and creativity. I am most grateful for the friendships that have grown here. I am also grateful for the amazing product that I was able to work with. SRM cannot be beat in quality or versatility, which makes SRM Stickers my go-to product for just about any crafty endeavor I take on. SRM will forever have a place in my crafty heart :)."
Head chef Samantha Cameron. Chicken’s off the menu but here’s a tasty cock up.
I am outa here for the day.. just outa here..
Our prices are very competitive and this & makes us an ideal place to buy your card making supplies online. December new products include Petaloo flower layers, Ranger Glitter Glue and Martha Stewart Punches.
I thought it was interesting that when the angel talked to Mary, he FIRST told her that she was going to give birth to the Son of God.
For me, to blog online is to have an outlet to share thoughts, ideas, knowledge, randomness, interests, and much more. I’ve always thought of it merely to share. As I patronize other people’s post and feel connected especially when I share the same sentiments, I thought I’d do the same. It is very rewarding to have something to share with, with people from a few meters or a thousand miles away. I tried to be be just a random face (to be visible yet invisible in the interweb) as much as possible, so as not to be “conscious” of blogging about my thoughts/emotions. To just blog away. But still, I hold back in “typing away…”. I don’t really get interested reading some “stuff”, so, when I am in that kind of “stuff”, I hold back and try not to post it away. By stuff, I usually mean rants, grievances, etc.
Of course Obama then makes it seem that letting people keep their money is stealing from veterans, letting people freeze to death (“Or a family that’s struggling to get by maybe is getting less home heating oil assistance.”), old people’s healthcare…along with unconstitutional payments for student loans. As if taxing is the only option, rather than smart cuts, intelligent regulation, efficiency, reduction of waste, and turning programs over to the states. No, Obama has only a vision of tax or no tax. No other option is available because he isn’t even concerned with justice or fairness.
When you enter Molly’s Cafe you immediately feel at home. The first thing you see is an open kitchen full of activity. Chatter fills the room in a variety of different languages. Paintings of local artists and familiar scenery cover the walls, and various intimate seating arrangements invite you to make yourself comfortable.
So I usually don’t use this blog as a place to write personal stuff or talk about pop culture, but this has been bothering me so much that I m going to put in on the intertubes and let it go.
Dear Joey
Just like Wednesday (as described in One Step at a Time...), I twisted and turned, and checked out my dancer's legs in the mirror the few moments I had the opportunity. I really started getting into it, smiling, hips wiggling, head-whipping in the turns. Fun, fun, fun, I tell you! I kept my eyes locked with my partner's, and 98% of my head in the lesson. The other 2% was thinking about the pounding rain on the studio's roof. It caused me to fail to hear one of the teacher's calls as we danced, but you know... overall I would give myself a B+.
I love eggs and in my house we eat them on a regular basis. For a long time, eggs have gotten a bad rap as being full of fat and cholesterol, well think again. There is a reason that they are called “The Incredible, Edible Egg”! Check out the link below for just a few of the health benefits of eggs for you and your whole family.
Peel two of the apples, core and cut into chunks. Core the third apple and cut into thin rings, peel left on.
humble posession untill I decide else, not
Which she actually did.
I text you these words
Instead I smiled my best winning smile and waved them out of the door before hurrying over to bash my head repeatedly against the daily changing blackboard menu..
1X20 Back Squat
Now, I've lived here for almost 40 years. Neighbors have come and gone but a lot of us have lived here for that long or longer. I have no teenagers that live close to me any more. This is a safe neighborhood and I've never been afraid. I have never been pranked before. But neighborhoods change over the years......sometimes not for the better.
the results after week number three:
In the 2011 I managed to improve my blog. I decided it was time to have sponsors, the cost would be minimal, as a collaboration mutual with designers, photographers, bloggers, etc. if you want to be in my blog, can send me an email: ruzu3alam@gmail.com
Read Mark 14:12-26
Smartphone penetration in the UK has now reached 45% – and growing. Converging phone, video, internet, wallet, apps and social media, it’s the bridge between the physical and digital worlds. It links shoppers to their friends, bringing them into to the browsing and shopping mix. McDonalds and Superdrug have already trialled prepaid technology for smaller purchases. And in February 2012 Barclays Bank launched Pingit which allows users to transfer cash between mobile devices.
She thanked me for being kind to our divine Ms. M when she was “being so mean” she is sharp as a tack, I could have spent so many more hours with her if the realities of deadlines would be so kind to disappear. They never are.
And truth be told, if crime was spelt "money" then South Africa would be a very different place.
I'm going to have to stay off Facebook from now until the elections because people are already all over this and I'll be tired of hearing it all inside of an hour.
So please bear with me as I shake off the rust and try to re-learn some of the nuances of posting items that are worth reading on the old Intrawebs. Things have probably changed a little since I last poked my head in here, so I'll take a bit of time to get used to things and re-introduce myself to many of the people that got me hooked in the first place.
I can hear you YAWN..... yes, yet another one of Tish Boyle's pound cake. Pound cakes are hopelessly boring to bake (translated to mean EASY!) achingly uninspiring to photograph... but always satisfying to eat.... After trying out her Luxe Pound Cake and Plainly Perfect Pound Cake, Tish Boyle beckons once more with her claim that this is a 'sure fire bake sale hit' . Are you going to ignore that claim?? Not me!
It's not a bad thing. It is merely different. You will see. And if you are right, then I shall see. But you must let me grow what I want, Adam, otherwise we will only come to grief....give them a chance. See if they will flourish.
Plus! Gold Kiwis are enriched with double the vitamin C of oranges and six times more vitamin E than apples! this hydrating and skin-brightening line keeps skin soft all day long while repairing sun damage with quercetin from the skin of the gold kiwi!
TGIF, right? See you Monday!
“There may be loan-level issues but there aren’t massive pattern and practice problems,” he said. “And even when there are potential loan-level issues, you have to look at state law because not all states require the same documents.”
Meanwhile, at Jewish Art Salon I came across an interview with artist and author Mark Podwal on PBS’ Religion and Ethics Newsweekly website. He discusses his recently published haggadah Sharing the Journey. In the interview he connects his approach to expressing the text in his paintings, as well as how his work relates to historic haggadot such as the Prague Haggadah (1526) and the Venice Haggadah (1609). The website also has several pertinent related links about the haggadah, the Passover seder, and more.
my second child, which was 17 years ago.) I did a
I’m going to live well, somehow
Small chance that last one might have been Homer Simpson, I’m not sure.
Ok, so skating wasn't so bad... Got to see several friends I've been missing. Kids had fun. So not too bad. Ok. I can stand running over to Big Lots. I only have to get 2 things. I can do this. Gallon zipper bags and quart zipper bags. I know right where they are, I can just go straight in there and get them... In and out in five. Ready, set, hut! Okay, here I go... neeeeroouuunyyyahhh.... zooming thru the parking lot & into the door... Ooo, baskets... No! I'm on a mission! Zipper bags, at the back, blinders on, in and out... in and out... I think I can, I think I can, I think I can... Ok, right back here, around this corner....
Please note the following:
That marked a new pattern in her drinking behaviour. My mother would now binge – stop – binge - stop - binge. She could be sober for 2 days, 2 weeks or 2 months, no-one knew, not even her. And then one day she'd be drunk and it would all start over again. The only sure thing in it all was that she was always drunk more often than she was not.
These pages show the exploration of a variety of mediums in these pages. My work is relatively small scale (these pages are from an A5 sketch/notepad). Although bic/biro pens are fantastic due to their ability to show tonal variation and allow for construction lines, the preffered medium is usually fine liner pens. Easy to use and a variety of nibs, though the pens used here didn’t survive that long to really explore their full potential. Watercolour is a relatively new medium to myself, yet the effects they give work fantastically. Relatively scratchy pieces get form from the loose colours applied over the top of the line work.
It is very similar to one I have done in the past. I have created cloud masks then added Broken china to the card. I have then used Create a tree and Find joy everyday (M Emberson). The frame is Spellbinder nestabilities Fleur de lis and I have added a wee bit of bling to the flowers.
*pinch of salt
Markowitz's remarks
Well, about the actual gameplay (of the first 3 games, series went down the drain with 4) there isn't much to say.
So whether your buying Botanicula in the bundle or purchasing it solo… don’t miss out on this highly addictive adventure. Just make sure to keep an eye on the clock, as I bumped my bed time back an hour or so last night when I lost track of the time playing this wonderful little adventure!
The event which draws me here is a Social Beer Tasting involving four beers, four brewers, a room full of people twittering their views (#SMWbeer) about the beers and countless others watching and participating via the live stream link up. The proceedings were chaired by 'Britain's most prolific and influential beer writer', Pete Brown.
Katana has been on my to-read list for a long time and I think it's easy to say that this was one of those books that I was disappointed in, but still thoroughly enjoyed. Whilst there was SO much potential for this to be a fantastic read; reincarnation, samurais, fighting, a little romance... It was delivered unsuccessfully.
1. The Freak Observer Blythe Woolston
The 2006 Album “Queen’s Greatest Hits” is the top-selling album in British Music History.
—From "Spring Awakenings," published at 8 p.m. on April 1, 2010: "But wait a minute, some of you might be wondering: Aren't you supposed to be working today? In fact, thanks to the Asia and Europe editions of The Wall Street Journal not publishing on Friday and Monday, I have Thursday and Sunday off. Four-day weekend, woo-hoo!"
Luckily, we've already started doing some of things mentioned in the article, and other items are on the "to do" list for the future.
Seattle- A recent field trip took us to the educational center of IslandWood. A few years ago, Washington state mandated that all 4th, 5th, and 6th graders be educated on the environment. An important side note is that this bill was unfunded. Rising to the call, a non-profit agency created an educational center on 255 acres in the woods of Bainbridge Island.
10-Standin' Around Crying
Stoned to death for being an emo: NINETY Iraqi students killed for having ‘strange hair and tight clothes’
PS. Apparently I'm not as fucking brilliant as I think I am. There IS indeed a "real" commercial put out by Kotex (thanks Mimi). I have one tv station people so I always miss out on the good commercials. Hey Kotex, I still think you should make a commercial with a skittles chewing, wine chugging, pmsing mamma!!!
That’s right. The public editor believes that reporters at the nation’s paper of record should take guidance on how to appropriately cover sexual assault cases from a figure who informed a national TV audience that she had “never, ever met a false rape claim”; and had, in her public statements about the highest profile sexual assault case of recent years:
For though I be free from all men, yet have I made myself servant to all, that I might gain the more. And to the Jews I became as a Jew, that I might gain the Jews; to them that are under the law, as under the law, that I might gain them that are under the law; To them that are without law, as without law, (being not without law to God, but under the law to Christ,) that I might gain them that are without law. To the weak became I as weak, that I might gain the weak: I am made all things to all men, that I might by all means save some. And this I do for the gospel’s sake, that I might be partaker thereof with you.
Partridge–I am a great whirring, with open wings.
While some students have concerns about the kinds of materials they will study and the methods which are used to present the lectures and other materials, there are some wide choices out there in the online university world. Choose the kind of lecture and other materials that you are most comfortable with and from which you take away the greatest amount of knowledge.
The noise of people lead me around a corner and I found myself in a little but busy marketplace. The smell of a booth full of river-fish made me move on, marveling briefly at some grilled desert-snakes - when a deep, rich voice caused me to turn around until I found the speaker.
Perhaps because I neglected to take any photos aside from this little fellow the blog post didn't stay on the radar, and by the time I photographed even some of the goodies I brought back it already seemed like a dream.
VG: I can’t answer this question - I am not sufficiently well read in comtemporary fiction that deals with the female experience. Why? Because I am a living female. I read to escape the actuality of everyday life, not to look in a mirror.
Sometimes I'll be thinking, and a thought will cross my mind that I feel like can only come from God. It's the closest I can relate to people saying that they hear God speak to them. I can't say that I feel like I've ever heard God speak to me in an audible voice, but this seems to come really close. Today when I was leaving the gym, the words just came to mind: "I want to be your source." It kind of stopped me in my tracks and I was not sure where it even came from. But instantly, I felt peace. After a hectic and uneasy (and basically miserable) first day at school, that feeling of peace was overwhelming.
Distinguishing Features: GREEN EYES
It’s a moral imperative – when your square parents just ‘love’ some kind of _______________ (fill in the blank) you must, as a teenager, instantly hate said thing with every fiber of your being. I’m pretty sure you’ll find that in the “How To Drive Your Parents to Xanax-Land” teenager handbook.
When the chicken is cool enough to handle drain off most of the accumulating oil in the oven tray and shred the meat from the carcass, reserving the bones for your stock pot. Return the shredded chicken to the tray and mix it with the remaining delicious sticky bits and cooking juices and the extra 2 tbs of chermoula.
6. Today is April 15 – tax day! However, due to some sort of D.C. holiday tomorrow, which has to be celebrated today (i.e. not on the weekend), we all get the option of waiting until Monday to turn in our taxes. This is good since I can’t get my accountant on the phone.
I've let this work stress seep into so many aspects of my being that I carried all of this negativity with me no matter where I went and what I did. And while some of my prayers to get me through a trying day were necessary, I was spending so much time praying about my job that I was still giving it more focus than it deserves.
Because I love to cook and grew up around those who also loved to cook, I am so excited to be able to introduce my daughter to the joys of making special things for those she loves. She has already visited me in the kitchen in the arms of her dad and she is showing interest in food...that's a great place to start, I think.
mango, avocado & mint
We spent a long weekend in Cape May, NJ, and arrived home this past Sunday evening. It was nice to get away, the town was as beautiful as always, we climbed lighthouse steps and rode in a horse-drawn carriage and visited a Civil War village and ate far too much food that someone else had prepared and consequently cleaned up. It was fun.
That was our first official day of garden work for 2010. Since then, we’ve spent two more 3-5 hour work sessions pulling mounds of weeds (we’re talking 2 truck beds full) and cutting back any crunchy, spent perennials that I didn’t get around to cleaning up last fall: some sedum “Autumn Joy” stems, lots of Persicaria microcephala “Red Dragon” (which is lovely, but beware! It grows and spreads vigorously. Not sure if I would plant it if I had it to do again.), a few heuchera leaves, and an assortment of cottage garden flower stems I’d neglected.
170g caster sugar
For our second child, we purchased an additional dozen preemie prefolds, bringing us to 3 dozen. We used the 6 Proraps but he quickly outgrew them. They did not fit him well either. The newborn size was sold shortly after our first child outgrew them due to our dislike of them. I found CottonWraps (purchased 5) made by Litewraps***, which were very accommodating for his chubby thighs and did not scratch his tummy. These were used on both the second and third child. I also lent them to my friend for her third child and could easily be sold as very good used condition (although she dyed one yellow).
Until recently we’ve only been able to speculate about story’s persuasive effects. But over the last several decades psychology has begun a serious study of how story affects the human mind. Results repeatedly show that our attitudes, fears, hopes, and values are strongly influenced by story. In fact, fiction seems to be more effective at changing beliefs than writing that is specifically designed to persuade through argument and evidence.
as a very efficient fertiliser, the furrow
a whispered aside
The screen then spits into three and we see Myra Langtry (Annette Benning) park her car and head for a jewelry and watch repair store. Each of them wear sunglasses, and all three turn towards the camera at the same time as if somebody called them.
Miss Bella-Boo.....
The words are simple to me: begrudgingly. Idyllic. But they are foreign to my students. Some might say that’s bad. They might roll their eyes and say that’s what’s wrong with kids these days, too busy texting and Tweeting to bother learning the English language. Damn kids and their rock music! But I relished those moments. My students believe, or seem to, that I will know how to say the words they don’t know. They have faith in me, as their teacher, that I will hold the answers to their questions. And so when I whispered to them the correct pronunciation, I wasn’t annoyed or saddened; I was overjoyed. I was comforted. I was validated.
Now comes the easy part before the hard work.
For all the lies you told us
Name! Amen!
Andaaz (2003)
Team Guy and Team Kakashi know that there is a protective barrier of the Akatsuki hideout, being generated by 5 forbidden tags in the area. After preparations, Team Guy removes the tags and disables the barrier allowing Team Kakashi to enter the lair. Meanwhile, the Akatsuki members have ended the astral projection technique and left the den. Deidara and Sasori, who were the only ones physically present, are left to care for the intruders.
Another major theme was the inequality in our current tax code. He used Warren Buffet’s secretary as a political prop to showcase this inequality in person. His argument goes that the rich need to be paying their fair share. Which to him means at least a 30% tax rate. Under the current system, Obama complains that Warren only pays a 15% tax rate.
The camera’s were flashing, anticipation in the air, awaiting the Spring 2012 looks to be revealed at the Grammys. I was in shock to see a sea of black make its way down the carpet. Embellished with gold accessories, stars managed to make this cliché look fresh and modern.
Candy Land Long Vowel Game by Mel D of Seusstastic Classroom Inspirations: "This unique game is one of over 50 games I have to offer! Over 18 pages of long vowel words are on "look-alike" Candy Land cards. All you need is a game board & game pieces. Print, laminate & cut & use for years to come. These games can be used during Daily 5, tutoring, literacy stations, Daily 5 Math, RTI, ELL, Title 1 groups, homeschooling & more! The possibilities are endless!" (K-3)
What ever happened to the concept of doing a days (nights) work and then getting paid a days (nights) wage?
Mini fashion shows with no audience
What matters is following through with their proposal and essentially, winning their argument.
14. Stop The Game (Feat. Cole Minor)
When the five minutes of my obsessive ruminations finally subsided I came to my senses. There is nothing bland about a boy who knows what beige is and likes it at age five. I suspect this is only one of many surprises this little guy has in store for us.
Alexander Pushkin is a famous Russian poet but he wrote prose as well. “The Squire’s Daughter” is one of his stories, the most touching, romatic, funny, light and young. And very Russian.
1. Eligibility. PURCHASE, PAYMENT OR FINANCIAL CONTRIBUTION WILL NOT INCREASE ODDS OF WINNING. PROMOTION VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. PROMOTION OPEN ONLY TO INDIVIDUAL UNITED STATES CITIZENS AND LAWFUL PERMANENT U.S. RESIDENTS WHO ARE LEGAL RESIDENTS OF THE FIFTY (50) UNITED STATES, THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AND PUERTO RICO, AND OVER THE AGE OF 18 (OR THE AGE OF MAJORITY UNDER APPLICABLE LAW). BUSINESSES, CORPORATIONS, REGISTERED FEDERAL LOBBYISTS, REGISTERED FOREIGN AGENTS, FEDERAL POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEES, NATIONAL BANKS, FEDERAL CONTRACTORS, LABOR ORGANIZATIONS OR OTHER ENTITIES ARE NOT ELIGIBLE TO ENTER OR WIN A PRIZE, NOR MAY ANY INDIVIDUAL ENTER ON BEHALF OF ANY SUCH INDIVIDUALS OR ENTITIES. IF YOU DO NOT MEET ANY OF THESE REQUIREMENTS, OR ANY OTHER ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS IN THESE OFFICIAL RULES, YOU ARE NOT ELIGIBLE TO WIN A PRIZE, AND OBAMA FOR AMERICA ("SPONSOR") RESERVES THE RIGHT NOT TO AWARD PRIZES TO YOU. To be eligible to win the prize, entries must be completed and received by Sponsor in the format designated below. Dire
The obscuration upon earth. 20
The President of the Republic declares war, calls for general mobilization and concludes peace agreements after obtaining the approval of the People’s Assembly.
To win a copy of The Hanging Tree, just email your name and contact info to audrey@simonandschuster.ca with the subject line “Hanging Tree”. Contest expires August 30, 2010. *Canadian addresses only please.*
Best of all, every recipe I've read so far is easy to make. I can't wait for the weekend. This is going to be great!
I am pleasantly surprised that OG is into it; after all, these are from my generation, and some, though not all, look pretty dated. And, I am also surprised at the effect they appear to be having on her. For one thing, she's amazingly well-versed in the multiplication tables for a first grader, in that she knows, well, A LOT of them. (She counted by 12's for me perfectly yesterday, all the way to 136. I swear, you would think she is some brilliant math savant if you just struck up a conversation with her, but it's really just that she knows the songs backwards and forwards!) She and I had a long conversation today about bills and laws, and she and The Man were talking yesterday about the American Revolution.
I get to nurture and develop a love of learning in my children. We get to read books, look up interesting facts, and pursue individual interests through homeschooling!
Science should lead the way to dialogue, not conflict, Macedonian Academy (MANU) President Vlado Kambovski said. “A Balkan academy is needed to solve all open questions regarding history and science.”
I popped a few sweet potatoes along side.
Good morning! I have another JustRite card to share with you today! It is a brand new set called, Starburst Medallion Labels. It has a bit of country charm to it, but I decided to go with that bright color scheme I've been attached to lately! ; ) I stamped the background medallion in turquoise and embossed it with clear embossing powder. I added a little rolled flower nestled in a vellum flower. I added a bit of tulle and a few acrylic pieces from Prima.
ventilation available and is the easiest to clean with its E-Z Clean tray.
TA
Both options - private and public - have potential advantages and disadvantages.
“How could she have possibly been kidnapped in this hotel? This is a busy, well supervised, public establishment.”
Hard Working ... No time for dates longer than 15 minutes.
As of writing this article, the only line that is up is the main event. At -800 to +600, this is as sure of a bet as you’ll find. Lopsided doesn’t even come close to describing this one so if you have to put money on this card, this is the fight.
things kinda calmed down and I fell asleep in his arms, the next morning was jordans memorial service, we went and although my husband held me and comforted me, i knew something wasnt right, after jordans service I followed him onto the front porch confronting him about what was wrong.
You know...because I am a responsible parent who is highly concerned about the safety of my children.
“She's here.” In the rear-view mirror, I saw my nightmares spill forth.
Please don't be shy, let me know what you think about these posts. They're soo much fun to put together and I love hearing that you've somehow been inspired. These outfits continue to inspire me. Some of you have shared with me that you've printed pictures to take with you when you shop. LOVE that! Keep the comments coming.
graduated at the top of her class from drama college everyone thought it would be just a matter of time until she got her big break. Instead, she pays the bills with parts in small plays and some low rent television shows. Now she’s in her thirties, is it time she gives up on her dreams and get a proper job?
So as writers this is a doubly exciting time. It’s where we get to meet our public and to embrace the wonderful people who don’t yet know us and swaddle them in our fabulousness. Aren’t you bursting with anticipation?
These songs were alive and kept you movin
I have evolved into a new online life that I still defining. Yesterday I chatted with a woman from Wales by accident on facebook, at least I believe that she is a human being. I am doing job searches that are so much more intensive than any that I would have done back 30 years ago. Back in the 70′s I would have taken my pack and been hitchhiking down the road feeling bad but knowing in my heart that things where going to work out ok in the end. They usually did with a few adventures inbetween.I hooked up one time with a buddy, after getting fired from a railroad crew( falling down drunk we dismantled the bunk house) and flew one way into a remote northern mining town( with enough money for a couple of beer) because we heard that they were hiring just about anybody. They were and we were hired on the spot. I worked that job until the spring and left with the snow back down south to join in the summer party that stretched across the prairies.I sobered up at summers end, in Calgary, just in time to join the railroad again.
Media reports put it at between 10,000 and 15,000 protesters. The police counted 5,000 to 6,000, while Bersih claimed to have hit the 50,000 mark.
An archaeologist is on a dig in Greece, seeking out the golden shield of Perseus from the ancient myth of Medusa. He finds proof that it was more than just a myth when he stumbles into her fabled temple, and steals the shield with obvious diabolical intent. Too bad that means Medusa was real, too.
Controlled breathing exercises were required as I grew increasingly frustrated at the use of theatre to promote division.
WRITING THE CHRISTIAN ROMANCE (Writer's Digest Books 2007)
One character, Nails, is a spider character who is supposed to be Frank's second-in-command but you couldn't tell it by how he acts or even how he's presented. Another character named Sparks is supposed to be a lower-level snitch who plays both ends against the middle but never emerges as anything more than a background player who's as easily dispatched by Frank as he is forgotten.
She said in her book:
A go-to brand for easy, oven-ready noodles and lasagna "filling" options is Barilla. We have been loyal to their lasagne noodles, and their basic interpretation of lasagne, for years (shhh...don't tell Nonna!!)
"My salary doubled because we were losing all the policy capacity in the federation. The economists and accountants were all gone, because if you keep the salary at R250 000, it means the economists can't make those sacrifices for years and years. They lose out," Vavi said.
In 1852 the brewery the Central Agriculture School moved to Weihenstephan and all the brewing students came with it. In 1895 the school became an Academy and in 1919 was elevated to a University. It became incorporated into the Technical University of Munich in 1930 and soon developed into the world centre for brewing and brew technology.
PS- this is one coat of pink base and THREE coats of Princesses Rock!
Roasted Veggies w/ Pan Seared Peaches & Microgreen Salad w/ Peaches & Dried Currants - February 28
Βλέπετε οὖν πῶς ἀκριβῶς περιπατεῖτε, μὴ ὡς ἄσοφοι, ἀλλ᾿ ὡς σοφοί, ἐξαγοραζόμενοι τὸν αιρόν, ὅτι αἱ ἡμέραι πονηραί εἰσι. διὰ τοῦτο μὴ γίνεσθε ἄφρονες, ἀλλὰ συνιέντες τί τὸ θέλημα τοῦ υρίου. καὶ μὴ μεθύσκεσθε οἴνῳ, ἐν ᾧ ἐστιν ἀσωτία, ἀλλὰ πληροῦσθε ἐν Πνεύματι, λαλοῦντες ἑαυτοῖς ψαλμοῖς καὶ ὕμνοις καὶ ᾠδαῖς πνευματικαῖς, ᾄδοντες καὶ ψάλλοντες ἐν τῇ καρδίᾳ ὑμῶν τῷ Κυρίῳ, εὐχαριστοῦντες πάντοτε ὑπὲρ πάντων ἐν ὀνόματι τοῦ Κυρίου ἡμῶν ᾿Ιησοῦ Χριστοῦ τῷ Θεῷ καὶ πατρί. ῾Υποτασσόμενοι ἀλλήλοις ἐν φόβῳ Χριστοῦ. (Ephesians 5:15-21 GNT)
One of our names begins with T and the other with A – we’re a magical combo representing the front and the back, the best of both worlds, the humps and the lumps. We’re girls with similar life paths, who came to Los Angeles ages ago and earned our stripes looking for love among the Hollywood hipsters. We are here to share what we’ve learned with you, with the charm of Southern gals and the smarts of city vixens.
There's nothing more that I want than this life I have. There is no need that isn't being met. In my life, I am happy. The last half of 2011 was hard, but we made it. You don't know this, because I haven't shared it, but the devil nearly won my marriage. Some things happened that devastated me. I very nearly gave in to the depression that waits for me in the darkest corners of my mind. However, the Light of God's love for me was stronger and shone brighter than the longest shadow could reach. By holding tight to my Savior's Hand, I never sank. We made it. My marriage continues to heal and grow. The friendship that I have with my husband has grown daily. We are remembering how sweet it is to simply be together and the comfort of holding each others hand. Trust is being rebuilt and love endures. We are making it.
Here is what my photograph looks like before and after using Photoshop to brighten it up...
Not all of my greek yogurt creations have turned out though, just keepin' it real. Here's a picture of some crazy muffins I tried out in my blender using applesauce, oats, greek yogurt and cocoa powder among other strange ingredients. They were disgusting, but the picture was pretty cool... I'd hate for a pretty picture to go to waste.
Truth be told, there are not that many steps anyway.
Finally, in the years since September 11, 2001, the floodgates that allow in more and more of the immigrants who cause all of these problems remain open, and in some cases are open even wider. The European Union is actively planning to import fifty million more Africans in the next several decades, and European politicians are promoting an open-borders Mediterranean Union. In the last eight years both presidents of the United States have refused to enforce the country’s immigration laws or control the southern border, and both have supported amnesty for illegal immigrants. The current president stands poised to accomplish this aim.
He helped me out of my violent red Yaris, and I chased him down the street swinging the remains of the steering wheel, still in my clutches.
you won't remember after I bite.
^ This one isn't really dark-themed, but I figured I would include it today anyway. I made it this morning from a first communion photo from the early 1900's. Hopefully someone will be able to get some use out of it :)
From what I understand, Laser Hair Removal takes many many sessions and because of the time between treatments, can actually be a fairly drawn out process. To me this sounds like a huge money grab... Especially since these places charge per treatment.
It is incredibly easy however to assign extra resource to a cloud solution every time you find that the capacity in the office is outreaching that of the technology.
3. Depression and self injury. I'm almost not sure that I "should" be writing about this, since although I've dealt with some depression in the past (not clinical depression, simply spending days on end in my room feeling extremely hopeless, useless, and depressed), I've never cut (or burned, or anything else). However, many of my friends have at one point or another. I've also done actual, search for stats and read mental health websites, research into self injury, since I very much wanted to be supportive to those who were dealing with it, and wanted to understand why.
can two people
there are diferent donations and rewards!
Stamps: The Stamps of Life (quote2love)
From the get go, the case provided great fodder for the media. Here were two attractive young ladies embroiled in an alleged “sex game gone wrong”. Pictures of the two were splashed across the world and the media dubbed Knox “Foxy Knoxy”. Straightaway, the label created connotations of sleaze and the impression stuck.
I did not lie, deceive, or hide the truth on my application for unemployment. Yes I did "quit" my job essentially but for what I consider a no option alternative. Staying in a state and always living separate from my husband is not an option in my marriage or my values of my marriage vows.
Will gladly give up paradise.
i have to admit that, until recently, i harbored a true hatred for all things sweet potato. this stems from my dislike for certain textures in foods.
Not for nothing did the mayor have both Wood and Cock in his name. He should have included Plonker, too. His erection almost brought down the beautiful mediæval gable.
-If you put a little lotion in the palm of Gaines’ hand, he’ll freak out.
Violet pulled a staser pistol from her belt and pulled the trigger. A blast of light struck the Watcher, killing him instantly. Violet had a great fondness for stasers. Such a slim, elegant little weapon. Its slender barrel betrayed the massive energy discharge it fired. One blast from a staser would cause immense destruction to even a Time Lord's body. There was no prospect of regeneration after being hit by a staser blast.
As for the U.S., the country which portrays itself as a ‘champion’ of free trade won’t permit foreigners to buy U.S. airlines or TV companies. Oil is also jealously guarded: China’s state-owned oil company, for instance, was prevented from purchasing struggling U.S. oil firm Unocal in 2005.
To better express this, I’ve subtitled our session Worship as Fuel for the Fight. Every soldier has his rations to sustain him in war, and if he doesn’t get them or doesn’t eat them he grows weak and he dies. As Christian soldiers, we’re in the habit of calling our rations “means of grace”. These are the means God has given us by which we improve and maintain our strength — things like baptism, the Lord’s Supper, prayer, fasting, searching the Scriptures, Christian fellowship, and so on. To which I want to add, singing.
These threats must indeed be taken seriously because this has happened before: in the runup to the xenophobic killings whch started on a specific date in May 2008 across the entire country, well-organised, black youth gangs were also going through the townships to identify black Africans and to mark their houses. These Xhosa-speaking youths often identified the foreigners by asking them to pronounce specific words in isi-Xhosa – and if they couldn’t, they were told to ‘get out or we will kill you.’
Alan Rosenberg has succeeded Melissa Gilbert as President of the Screen Actors Guild and has assured further cooperation with Native American actors. This will keep Mark Reed in his “activist” role for the next two years.
To top it off, Michael was sick again when he came from over there. He was sent to school even though he told his father he was sick…he stayed at school all day. Angie looked at his throat when he got home – it was red and swollen. He went to see the doctor yesterday…he has strep! When he got home on Monday, he was starved – he ate and drank a lot and went to sleep and slept for 2½ - 3 hours. He woke up, ate dinner and went back to sleep. Yesterday morning he got up at 5, was up for a little while, and went back to sleep. He went to the doctor’s and was diagnosed with strep and an earache. He came home, took his medicine, ate lunch, was asleep by 2:30 and slept until Angie woke him at 6:30 p.m. His throat is still very swollen this morning – but he goes back over there today. Maybe since he’s sick, he will be able to sleep over there. He has such difficulty sleeping there!
Fasting. Alms giving. Prayer.
I hope not. I'd tell her that I have a great life. I wrote a book, bought a house and got a dog - slightly crazy dog, but dog who thinks I'm the best thing in the ENTIRE WORLD. I've written for news outlets I never dreamed would even call me back, especially after that awful internship in Washington DC where I landed one story on the cover of a Texas newspaper but spent most of my time in the National Gallery of Art (take THAT guy who said I'd never be a journalist - who covered the World Series parade for the New York Times, huh?) I survived a wretched breakup that at 20 I never could have handled. I still sometimes hate how I look, but it's not as often, and I've learned to accept that having hips is a GOOD thing. I'd also tell her that some people she watched in envy as they walked down the aisle - including that college roommate she has at 20 - wouldn't be together anymore at the time I am now, and the whole relationship thing is a lot more difficult than she imagined - but that's OK. It SHOULD be complicated. It SHOULD be hard b
No problem, I thought. I’ll just get someone’s coffee tomorrow. Only, I realized that this is actually quite difficult and awkward in practice. Since I’m too shy/lack the physical stature to do what my Gifter did and hand the money over the person, I considered leaving my barrista with enough money to pay for the person in line behind me. But then, they’d always go and order a Double Venti Carmel Macchiato, a banana chocolate chip loaf, The Opus Collection by Billy Joel and an Ethos Water, and instead of $2, we’re looking at $117.84… and I didn’t sign on for that shit. Plus, then I started getting all particular and snobby about who I was going to bestow my act upon- sizing up my potential candidates, mostly dependent on his/her outfit (I’m extremely shallow)… thus eliminating the whole “random” aspect of it entirely.
The kids, recognizing that this would be a neat photo brought great spirits to the project – although to be perfectly honest, my kids bring good spirits to all of our projects. By now they are used to “mom’s crazy ideas” and they good naturedly go along knowing that at the very least, it will always be an adventure.
Genius is a not a thing in itself. It is merely a qualitative judgment made by individuals and critics – usually after the artist is dead!
It makes me itchy all over just thinking about it. Obviously the sleep chairs are slept on by people from all sorts of living conditions and they are fabric. This has always been a grin and bear it situation---emphasis on bear it! I've always been a bit creeped out by the chairs and you would all probably laugh at my layering routine of blankets, sheets, Thermarest, and pillows before I sleep on them. I typically have at least 5 layers that amount to a few inches on top of the chair cushions. It's borderline "Princess and the Pea." The only problem is that I have no way to really cover/insulate the arms or exterior of the chair. One of the housecleaning ladies cleaning the room we were moved to said she was surprised they could be infested because they wipe them down with an antibacterial wipe. Obviously she's never really looked at the chair with the possibility of having to sleep on it. They are sometimes stained and food and candy wrappers are often stuffed in the cracks. I tried to kindly mention the fact that wipes don't kill th
Of course He will. He is God with us.
“This satnav is trash, and a waste of my cash, and
It will come later in this post.
Lost my mojo a little bit over the last couple of weeks but did manage to make this card. Wasn't too happy with it when I first did it, but it is growing on me! Hope you like it!
This grey horse was the exception to the (first) rule. He is a young quarter horse stallion and a beauty to watch, he was also a perfect gentleman. Could show in the show arena with other horses and mares, and stand quietly in cross ties with other horses close by. I was most impressed by his white eyelashes and dark eyes, he stole my heart and I enjoyed watching his owner show him this year. And of course I had to have some pictures, in case I decided to paint him.
The Nitty Gritty
And he made her his, at the Roseville Fair
So grab your copy of My Stubborn Heart and join Becky on the evening of the May 24th for a chance to meet Becky and make some new friends. (If you haven't read the book - don't let that stop you from coming!)
This is but the tip of the iceberg. For 500+ more examples of savage genocidal Black-on-White racism, please visit http://www.dienuwesuidafrika.com/
as only you can
God desires a change in our hearts, and will shake the world’s financial system to bring us out of bondage to Money and back to him. Having said that, those who listen to God’s warning now can take some practical steps to be prepared for the crisis. We don’t have to lose our whole life savings. (But even if we do, remember it’s just “very little” – no matter what the amount – compared to God’s currency.)
It’s love, it’s Heaven, it’s you
Kade moved on to something else, but Kai sprang up and came right over. For the next half an hour, and with some gentle hints from Ginger, I "taught" him all of the basic arithmetic he needed to be able to do algebra - and then we moved even further. He's always been able to add, subtract, and multiply pretty well in his head, especially for a kid who has never really worked at math. But by the end of our time together, he was adding and subtracting complex numbers up to eight places. He was able to identify and use the patterns behind a times table, and learn about associative and distributive rules. He was able to work with basic algebraic equations to isolate the variables and "solve for x". We also got into exponents and square roots. Maybe we'll move on to division and the order of operations next; maybe not. But a hint about our next direction came directly from him:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease your cake pan.
Sure, I’ve had my difficulties and will face more over my lifetime. I’m actually glad for having some hard times when I was very young because I do not take anything for granted. And you know what? Life is so much sweeter when you can truly be appreciative for all of its blessings.
B. The low social communication abilities result in functional limitations in effective communication, social participation, academic achievement, or occupational performance, alone or in any combination.
It seems, lately, like I've been seeing a lot of similar statements. However, a lot of the time, they're different in one key aspect: many of them say something along the lines of "Travel is my biggest priority and you're wasting your life if it isn't yours too." Here's the thing: as much as I'd like to tell everyone that their money is only worthwhile if they're doing something to expand their horizons, I don't know them. I don't know their lives, their jobs, their family situations, or anything else about them- who am I to say what they should or shouldn't be spending their money on? I've been incredibly privileged my entire life: my parents retired younger than most, have always put a huge emphasis on the importance of exploration, and, though money was never plentiful, were able to save up to take us away on nice vacations that I took for granted for far too long. I'm also very thankful that, as an adult, I've never been out of work, have always had enough money to feed myself and pay my bills, and was able to save up money and t
The condition for the listing of a terrorist organization like Boko Haram as an FTO is mostly based on political permutations rather than its level of viciousness or the threat the organization poses to local and world peace. For instance, Hezbollah is considered as an FTO by the United States but not the United Kingdom.
I know that feeling. There are some things you just don't want your other half knowing about you. Sod stretch marks and VPL and the fact that you only shave to your knees if they knew what you read...well that's getting just too personal. I don't care that I have been married to him for nigh on 13 years I don't like any censure when I read. I don't like people....
Me: “Lots of crime?”
Open on to Canadian addresses, no p.o boxes please.
If he couldn't bully me into what he wanted then the kids became pawns. Random punishment for the slightest offense. Threatening violence if they didn't do what he told them to immediately. And a complete withdrawl of his affection for them.
ive been getting super along with my sister lately and i love it,
An overworked, elderly fan pulsated above my head, murmuring tones of disappointment and sorrow. It had seen too much too dark, in its time. Too much altogether. It knew my fate, but there was nothing it could do. It knew that no amount of after-sun would spare my blistered entirety.
These students are calculating the cost of the items on their list.
1 Tablespoon Chopped Fresh Parsley- I omitted...not on purpose. I forgot.
Hello 2012! Welcome.
While most Nachos sold in restaurants are filled with other ingredients such as tomato slices, black beans, bacon, spinach, pickles, mayonnaise and cheese, we prefer ours to be as simple as this. One advantage of our nachos is the fact that it's homemade and I believe it's relatively nutritious .
I was doing great there for awhile, but then I had minor surgery, which appealed to the slug in me, then there was the free lance lull, which followed Spring Break, all of these thing led to the slack that is me right now. I don’t exactly have writers block, I have plenty of ideas and time and the tools to explore these, I’m just finding it hard to pull it together.
Advice: Monitor your thoughts. All thoughts are prayers. Be careful what you ask for. 45. Left -brain fogginess. Your psychic abilities, your intuitive knowing, your feeling and compassion, your ability to experience your body, your visioning, your expressiveness all emanate from the right brain. In order for this side of the brain to develop more fully, the left brain must shut down a little bit. Normally the left-hemisphere’s capacity for order, organization,structure, linear sequencing, analysis, evaluation, precision, focus, problem-solving, and mathematics dominate our often less-valued right brain.
this year we. are. GOING.
From there, we drank, studied and traveled together, and eventually he moved in… also out of necessity, but that’s a can of worms for Roommate to write. (Guest post hint hint)
my craft room would lay on my Martha Stewart score board
Anyhow, on the night we shared a table with Bob and Jeanette, she told us that they had recently received a check from a customer for their purchase. The check was made out to the......
Miki’s voice provider worked for Ki/oon records who are owned by Sony putting Miki into the same category as Piko. Miki also holds a somewhat cyborg look to her and like Piko is mainly cosplayed by women. She is an intermediate leveled cosplay. She has very long hair and like Piko a ahoge, though unlike Piko she has what appears to be fur as well as some shapes and patterns on her and her clothing. If you’re a beginner cosplayer don’t let miki’s costume intimidate you. Remember that cosplay is just for fun it doesn’t matter if your’s isn’t the best.
They burrow in the ground and undermine structures bringing destruction to gardens and orchards. They can be lethal to livestock because their burrow entrances are small and hidden. Animals often get their hooves trapped and end up with injuries that require medical attention.
well had a really wonderful weekend celebrating the graduation of two very special people, spending time with our precious baby boy, and being super productive around the house.
Looks like I have lots of 8PM picks...cause..well, you need a whole lot of 8PM picks.
And you’re crumbling on your own
Not empty in the photo I know... by the time I got to this post I had already refilled the container with new polish remover. The Quo remover that came in the bottle was okay, just your basic polish remover, but the pump bottle is fantastic! I'd buy it again just for the bottle. Actually, I already did, to store my pure acetone.
I don't always post photos of the faux finishes that I do on cabinetry, but I thought I'd show you guys this job I completed a few weeks ago. My client had her kitchen cabinets antiqued, and she decided she wanted to do the same to her built-ins in her living room. I had to match the finish to the kitchen cabinets, which was a challenge, but, mission accomplished and I was happy.
1 is 1. It is not two it is not three it is not four it is not five and it is not anything but what it is: a ONE (1) God is NOT three IN one. He is ONE.
* tiplessness
The fact is, I’m thrilled that Michael Reagan has endorsed me and will be campaigning with me here in Florida. I remember very fondly, in 1995, when we were at the Goldwater Institute and Nancy Reagan said, you know, “Barry gave Ronnie the torch, and now Ronny’s passing the torch to Newt and his team in Congress. So I think it’s reasonable to say, and I think the governor said it fairly, I am vastly closer to Reagan. In that period the governor was an independent business person. In ’92 he was donating to the Democrats for Congress and voted for Paul Tsongas in the Democratic primary. In ’94 running against Teddy Kennedy, he said flatly, I don’t want to go back to the Reagan-Bush era, I was an independent.
Recently she spoke at the Mint Museum Auxiliary in Charlotte as the guest speaker for its annual Room to Bloom Decorative Arts Symposium fundraiser on April 25 at a private country club. She was quoted as saying:
I’ll start with yesterday since we didn’t post. It wasn’t too exciting, though. We went to our Growly Dog 2 class and it was ok. There were only 2 of us in class and it wasn’t very effective to what Gypsy needs. We were able to help the other dog though, so that was good. But for Gypsy, it wasn’t much help. It was still good. We mainly did BAT setups in the classroom and I worked with Gypsy off leash in our little boxed in area. Then I had to run some errands and in the evening she was pretty quiet for a weekend.
Julius Malema has shown no such restraint, and has shown his true colours by praising the Mugabe regime. And this is a clear indication of one scenario for South Africa's future: Julius Malema becomes president (possibly succeeding Jacob Zuma), and then it's goodbye to our hard-won democracy. Perhaps in another 15 years time there will be South African refugees sleeping in the Methodist Church in Harare.
"Oh...pictures of recipes...that's...intesting..."
through a dusty sunrise.
I think the definition of prodigal fits the father more than the son. It’s lavish, excessive, extravagant, and almost wasteful. That describes perfectly this love the father had for his wayward son.
"We shall have world government, whether or not we like it. The question is only whether world government will be achieved by consent or by conquest." - James Warburg (Rothschild Banking Agent 1950)
The Prisoner rails about being pushed around. But over his head comes the laughter of "Number Two" (the shit-head with the graffiti name tag he uses for his re-ups, his blog, his Torrent posts, etc.) laughing and saying, "You are NOT a free man!" But, heh heh heh...the movie you made, the novel you wrote, the song you sang. That's free!"
Almost all of my interesting stories worth listening to or writing about came from high school and college, but those stories were epic and hold up still. My fiction is all based a bit of those memories. There is some truth in all my fiction. I enjoy taking true events and tweaking them by having the characters make different choices then they did in reality and let the ball roll from there. I find it therapeutic in a way. My own mechanism to cope with the never-ending “what ifs” of life.
Menu: VolumeManager/Disk/Encapsulate
I have made a scrapbook page this week for a frame so I thought I would enter it into a couple of challenges. Truly Scruptious #73 (Love and Hearts - as this is a photo of me and my Dad I think the love goes with saying), and Divas by Design #20 (Anything Goes). I have used MME Stella Rose and Kraft paper for the main pieces and just found other bits from the bit box. I covered a piece of cardboard with burlap for the background of the photo, the large heart of course is an inked doily. It was a bit of a dul day when I took the photo so it's not a very good picture, really does look so much much 'for real'
“How ‘bout that...still intact. I thought for sure I’d see one of Flint’s high heels buried in your butt.”
There was a lot of hunching down to see the animals eye-to-eye. About a second after the picture below a turtle swam right for her and Claire bounced backwards like it was going to eat her. It shouldn't have been as funny as it was (but oh, it was).
Spanish government officials said they were still gathering information about the move, but said it was different from Argentina’s takeover of Spanish-owned oil company YPF just over two weeks ago.
Apples & Strawberries both are red.
Trace your heart using a disappearing or washable fabric marker. Make sure you trace BEFORE you stretch your fabric onto the hoop.
Actually I inked this up two years ago and when I was home in NZ on holiday and cut the frame with Spellbinders (my Cuttlebug lives in NZ) to bring back with me to Greece to play with and then I never got around to colouring her in! How awful to leave her there like that alone and uncoloured! Actually I have a few of her sisters that also need to be inked up!
“Thank you for flying Virgin Atlantic,we hope you will join us again.”
For the second entry: please head on over to the shop HERE and let me know what style you like, from what I have listed. Then please come back and comment letting me know what style you would build.
Frédéric Malle Un Lys Mediterranée
The impact of this inversion of reality isn't anti-Christian, it's anti-White. Even when White opposition to immigration is deracinated and expressed in terms of law, economics, or culture the genocidal immigrationists shamelessly inject their own ethnic and racial interests into the debate while accusing the White opposition of disguising "racist" motives.
Ok, so perhaps that is slightly exaggerated, but I feel like because this was an unexpected day home I shouldn't feel obligated to do anything.
Uncle Montague's Tales of Terror has been nominated for an award in it's German translation - Onkel Montagues Schaurgeschichten. I am reliably informed that the Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis is very prestigious and just as with the Dutch award this time last year, it is particularly satisfying, somehow, to feel that the books have made such a successful migration to other countries. My translators are clearly making me look good.
1 jar (16 oz.) Thick 'N Chunky Salsa
AC: Eh - no comment.
Simply put:
やっとテキサスでの旅行に関する書きたい内容の半分を終えました。残りのテキサスに関する記事を書いた後は、日本での事、そしてバリでの記事を少し書こうと思っています。休暇中の時の内容を掲載するのに、思ったより時間が掛かってしまいました。早くジャカルタに関する記事を書きたいなと思います。私の休暇中、6月と7月にコメントを残して下さった皆様、ありがとうございます。いつもコメントを楽しく読ませていただいています。毎回お返事を残せず、ごめんなさい。皆さんからの言葉一つ一つを有り難く受け止めています。これからもよろしくお願いいたします。
JIM: "I'll be sending you and Gary the money I owe you..."
Project Pay Day does offer a legitimate way to earn a few bucks if your interested in spending time promoting online. But, if your the kind of person that is interested in earning a significant income online and not just a few extra bucks there are plenty of other legitimate opportunities to look into. If your going to spend time promoting online anyway, as is the case with Project Pay Day, why not do it promoting something that can offer you a significant residual income and time freedom once you have put it in place.
But I never pined for HOT BIRD even when it was open. I mean despite visible claim on its sign of having been "The Best Bar-B-Q in New York" I don't remember anyone else thinking that back in the day. I mean yeah the chicken was tasty, but shit it was the 80's! At that time the second best "Bar-B-Q" probably came out of a Heinz bottle.
09/21/2011 BUY 0.01 audusd 1.01684
But if that's the case, that just completely proves how alone we really are in the world, and how our lives are shaped by the decisions that we make for ourselves. And that is why we will forever be at step one.
Fuck the economy. Where is the fridge?
after it was all assembled i made color copies of the invite, stuffed them in red envelopes, and off they went!
Now, she just keeps doing it. The other night, she started to take off her bib during dinner and when we asked her not to do it again, she took it off again and dropped it on the floor all while looking straight at us.
I'm old school. I could survive with a NES. I bought a DS endure year, and it's in actuality neat. I aswell adore the Wii a lot. I wouldn't say I play abounding amateur on Sony systems, and I anticipate Xboxes are the devil.
“But wait, Rose,” I paused to remonstrate with myself. “You hate horror books. You hate horror movies. You cannot even walk to your house in the dark alone without thinking you’re going to be stabbed to death by a really tall, stringy-haired, uncouth masked murderer. Remember when you watched Saw 4? You nearly puked and you still can’t stand tape-recorded voices! You couldn’t sleep for weeks after you were FORCED by Danny and Jaci to see Paranormal Activity. For heaven’s sake, Rose, when your siblings want to scare you, they sneak up behind you and play the Michael Myers theme music on their phones! WHY are you going to read a horror novel?”
i know this is nothing compared to all that cuteness you just took in...but i have been saying i would show some more recent pictures of the addition ;) it is coming along slow but steady....but the outside is finally getting CLOSE to being done! that was the goal anyway, and then we can work on the inside over the winter months.....
he said, "what are you talking about, i was replying"
-steel cut oats (gluten free)
Make lemon sized balls from the dough & roll out into a medium thick circle.
Stuffed Artichoke hearts
"Don't kick me!" Dillard said to the man who knocked away his sandal. More members of Gingrich's security retinue approached, shoving their shoulders and chests in front of him.
- BLT with thick cut bacon, heirloom tomato, and mascarpone spread
A. Hatch Show Print: The History of a Great American Poster Shop: This book about Nashville's Hatch Show Poster Shop is a feast for the eyes. Rich details of posters, music concert announcements, advertising ephemera, letterpress history - it's all there. This would be a welcome addition to a letterpress lover's library.
Vision from Heaven upon any man or a nation will bring restraint. It’s not a restraint of legalism but rather a spirit influenced focus which produces moral excellence. When you see what heaven means for you to become you will guard vision with all your heart, mind and soul.
Apple - 1 apple, cored and minced. I used dried apples from my McIntosh tree after pulsing them in the food processor for a bit.
The idea, of course, is that if you are not constantly background-checking, you are a sap. In this world view — which I worry is spreading like a fungus — everyone is evil until proven otherwise. That is not only wrong, it leads to the breakdown of community (I look out for you, you look out for me) that actually makes us SAFER.
Once I read Kathy Lynn Hall's post about Indie authors seeking the authority of other indies as leaders, I wanted to give it a wider audience. Please read it and consider. Is another ruler what indies want or need after working so hard to escape the authoritarian traditional publishing regime?
The jester roared with maddening hysteria and said
Reply to Objection #3:
Dirty Bastard Scotch Ale is brewed by a local Grand Rapids brewery (Founder's), and I'll be quite curious to head down there sometime in the next few weeks to actually try this beer from the tap.
Merhaba from Safranbolu, Turkey!
I needed some time to focus on me... meaning... my family, my health, my etsy shop, and other me things...
A year later, he was appointed senator representing Penang, giving him the distinction of being the first DAP senator.
From Hempenstein, an old college pal of mine, who recommends Mclelland’s Islay as “very smooth and an exceptional value”:
Read a lot. Write a lot. Be prepared to revise a lot. And don't give up.
The sun is barely awake when people in Changchun, China welcome the day by gathering in Culture Square, (also known as Changchun Cultural Square). The clock has barely struck seven o’clock, and this large city park is already bursting with life and color.
To the rain wringing
- magnet snap closure on top
Add enough water to come half way up the side of the meat. Cook on low for about 8 hours. I turn it every couple of hours.
Perhaps I got overwhelmed. I'll revisit it tomorrow and hope I'll at least see the pertinent data through the chaos.
You see, EWI’s global analysts like Whitmer don’t follow the talking heads nor do they rely on fundamentals — both of which can be misleading. Instead, they examine objective evidence and charts — like this one — to deliver crystal-clear, forward-thinking analysis.
And so the evening continued. Glasses were passed, beers were tasted and opinions shared as the relative merits of each beer and hop variety were disected and discussed. It was a delightful evening.
Numbers, Chapter 30, makes specific provision for this, under the Mosaic Law.
I said it. He just doesn’t cut it some days. You can gasp all you want, but yet, I know, that there are days when Jesus doesn’t cut it for you either.
The really tricky - and slow - bit was the crocheted edging. I'm still at the learning stage and have to have a 'How to Crochet' book handy to check on the different stitches which is why it takes such a long time.
We are happy to follow-up with Mayor Bloomberg's December 29th announcement that the Fulton Business Improvement District (BID) legislation has been signed into law.
Inspiration: The perfect beer for the fall, we brewed this for our last Thanksgiving and it paired very well with both pumpkin pie and backyard football.
To be permitted to have an appeal hearing, an appellant needs his appeal to “pass the sift” i.e. be granted leave, either by one judge (the first sift) or if failing at the first hurdle, by a panel of two or three judges (the second sift).
2- This is a bright, but not super bright blue (those would have a 0 ir 1 in this spot), and it's not very gray (or else this would be a 7, 8, or 9)
“Faith!” Her eyes were wide with absolute horror as she lurched forward to catch me.
I am the first to recognize Tolstoy’s genius but I don´t understand why he creates such a marvelous dashing character like Prince Andrei Bolkonsky in War and Peace, just to make him unhappy, and finally kill him. To me, War and Peace ends with Bolkonsky´s death. I don´t care about dense Pierre or fickle Natasha. I can’t share their happiness since it is based in Andrei´s departure. The author must have realized his blunder because he ends his novel, not in Pierre and Natasha´s domestic bliss, but in Bolkonsky´s son vowing to grow up to be worthy of his father.
We should focus on that particular issue. I mean, if you wanna make money just avoid playing death metal! We already have enough shitty MTV/Metal Hammerish "metal" bands, and this is a nightmare... I'd like to think that one only plays what he/she/it feels deep within, without wondering about what doors can this thing open up, but it seems like this ain't no easy topic.
With the advent of spring, many of us begin to shed excesses of all kinds. It happens organically as we shed layers of clothing and open the drapes. Some of us cut our hair. Some of us lose weight. Some of us exercise more. Some of us renovate our homes. Some of us donate things we don’t need anymore. And why? To breathe in fresh air, create a new view, take a lighter stand in the world – all of which serve to make us stronger and more present. To reflect the sun.
9km, in about 1.5hrs I think. What a snail! Mt Eden (or Maungawhau, if you prefer the Maori word). Tick. Back pain? Mild to unnoticeable. Hips feel a little overstretched but in a good way.
Friday night I had Joy and Brad’s rehearsal dinner.
A true dish belongs to the people and the people belong to a place. Yes, we know all this, but what’s important about it is that for a recipe to be authentic the produce used in a particular recipe has to be from that local region and nowhere else!
5/ felt like posting them with some commentary which meant doing some digging about the details...'
I shall rush out as I am, and walk the street
TBN sends the message that going to, living in, or working in Hollywood means one has arrived. That one is successful.
Contrarily to the popular believe that the game of poker began in the 19th century in the US the roots of the game go much further in history and originate from the 10th century AD in China during the emperor Mu-Tsung ruling. Although at the time it was played with dominos, not cards, the principles, rules and strategies of the game were very similar to the modern day poker. It is believed that the emperor himself enjoyed playing this domino game with his wife and the court officials. This was the start of the poker history.
Zachary Rajaniemi stole two 30-packs of beer from aa El Paso 7-11 convenience store. The clerk called the cops who caught up with Rajaniemi at his apartment where there were 22 underage drinkers present. All 23 were arrested and taken to jail.
It's the part of me that says "I am clearly reading a book. What you are interrupting me for better the heck be life-threatening."
“Oh, they arrested a few and whacked a few others on the head, but it didn’t deter them one iota. They outwitted the plods by splitting into hunting parties and running amok in different directions. A particularly vile posse rampaged down Regent’s Street and ambushed the limousine of Prince Charles and Camilla. They forced them out of their car, and one of the hooded ruffians pinched Camilla on the arse. I saw the whole thing from outside Banana Republic – you should have seen the look on her face!”
"Been busy mate. Just getting my head together ya know? Having a mental clear out and forgetting things, starting from scratch, again!"
I think this needs one more coat (we did two on the front door shoe kick) to officially be done, but I might have to enlist the helpful hubs to do the second coat. Scooching around on my rear in the middle of the night to do this did not feel so awesome. To be completely honest though, as of me typing this post, he has no idea that I even got up to do this, or that it's done. I'd be in so much trouble if I got caught doing this in the middle of the night! I'm pretty hard to slow down, even when I'm exhausted.
An acrimonious divorce was now underway, and I was worried that my sensible friend would self-destruct and wind up in prison.
The collapse of the British empire is a fascinating story in its own right, but it’s also an object lesson of great importance just now. That collapse opened a window of opportunity through which several nations tried to climb, and the one that succeeded is today’s dominant imperial power, the United States of America. Understand Britain’s imperial sunset, and the broader patterns by which empires overshoot their economic basis and go under, and you understand one of the most important and least anticipated facts of the decades ahead of us—the parallel collapse of the American empire, and the struggle to replace it. We’ll explore that in outline next week.
and since it was warm the kids got in the pool for the first time this year
I started this blog to force myself to take more pictures and document our lives since I very rarely break out a camera. True to normal fashion, I took about 5 pictures on both Friday and Saturday so I will use my words and tell the story of my weekend with a fun little photos in between. Prepare for a long post.
Truth be told, I don’t like the extreme cold or searing heat so my favourite seasons are obviously Spring and Autumn. It’s like a little bit of electricity pulsing in the air…telling your body that a big change is on the way. Lately, the disappointing summer is fading away to crisp, sunshine filled mornings. The leaves are blushing like crazy with their deep ruby redness.
To make a long story short, I probably won’t be updating the Brigade pages much, if at all, for the Winter Break, as I won’t even be in state. So, as a consolation, I wish our brigade the happiest of the Winter holidays, and ask that you do not forget us, or eat too much figy pudding. As far as I know, we will probably bring up the Brigade next semester as well, and hopefully within the first three weeks of school. The anime for that week will be carried over from this semester; that means Kuroneko Black Cat, Kuroshitsuji Black Butler, and Buso Renkin. After that, we will have a brigade-wide vote for the next anime (assuming we finish the anime before the end of the school year).
But it's dark, filthy, disaster diner.
Whenever you meet his girlfriend you're really pleased that she seems so right for him, you're delighted that she takes such an interest in his adopted family, that she's happy to spend time in the village, decorating plastic ducks for the duck race, talking about knitting and sewing, visiting the allotment. You know though, that she's only here on a visa and sooner or later she'll have to leave. That day comes round much too quickly and without understanding how the time has sped so fast, you find yourself saying a hurried goodbye of hugs and tears at a railway station, wishing her good luck as she sets off for another continent.
Lets get back to goals.
"I was in pain. I had to mute the audio, I couldn't listen, it was so painful."
How it will work: I will post new items on the blog every few weeks. I will write a short description of the piece, along with my memories of wearing each piece. (I love history, can you tell?!). I will set a price, that will include shipping from my closet to yours (including mailing insurance), and payment will be arranged through PayPal. If you are interested in anything, email me at fashionista0921@gmail.com.
And I wrote it down upon My heart
By the summer of 1980, I was ready to try to explain to myself the chronology of our Vietnam involvement. After dismissing my morning summer school class, I spent several afternoons in my sweltering classroom (the school turned off the air conditioning at the end of the summer school day), poring over Thomas Bailey’s The American Pageant (the summer school text)and his companion book of primary sources, The American Spirit. This exercise in scholarly “sweat equity” resulted in three lectures tracing the trajectory of America’s foray into Southeast Asia. They served to bring a more objective, less anecdotal tone to my treatment of Vietnam but failed to generate much discussion or enthusiasm. Either I seemed to my students to be handing down unassailable truth, or my attempt at “objectivity” had bleached all of the human interest from the story.
4 months….
flower girl - not finalize yet
The clinical efficacy of a herbomineral formulation containing roots of Withania somnifera, the stem of Boswellia serrata, rhizomes of Curcuma longa and a zinc complex (Articulin-F), was evaluated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled, cross-over study in patients with osteoarthritis. After a one-month single blind run-in period, 42 patients with osteoarthritis were randomly allocated to receive either a drug treatment or a matching placebo for a period of three months. After a 15-day wash-out period the patients were transferred to the other treatment for a further period of three months. Clinical efficacy was evaluated every fortnight on the basis of severity of pain, morning stiffness, Ritchie articular index, joint score, disability score and grip strength. Other parameters like erythrocyte sedimentation rate and radiological examination were carried out on a monthly basis. Treatment with the herbomineral formulation produced a significant drop in severity of pain (P less than 0.001) and disability score (P less than
These are cards from "Row 2" of the three available rows. Whatever. Yet, there are two different backs. One back is listed as Showdown and one as Showtime. I can't tell you how glad I am that I was not collecting in 1999. I would have been committed by now.
One of our favourite features in the space was the use of a Threads wood grain wall paper in creams and taupes to add texture an interest. It was also our start point for achieving the lodge aesthetic. It was accentuated with rough sweater inspired pillows and a warm palate of painted accent walls to offset the building’s standard white interior.
8. Then wake up the chickens, get politically active, and chase those snakes out of the hen house because they are cold blooded reptiles with primitive brains who think global warming is going to be like a day in the sun on a nice hot rock.
1) my brother moved out of the state almost a year ago already.. and is getting married in August.
Anyways. It has been a month now since her birthday and oh what a field of emotions that have ensued since. I am just now getting to put up the pictures of her birthday. It was a beautiful night, and just how I had hoped. An elegant promising proud evening to honor our daughter, our first born whom we are so proud of and raised to this age.
I also decorated the spine of the folder using a SOG cupcake which I resized and repeated to make a little border. I thought this might help to make my folder stand out when it is stored on a shelf.
Okay, this is a very short and non-funny post, because I wasted over half of this class period on a choir lesson. Ahh, who cares? You read me anyway!
I wandered around the hallway a little bit, keeping an eye out for any stray papers. But I wasn’t going to like, kill myself trying to get them. I’d thought about it all night, and this was the conclusion I’d come to: the guy, the freezer-sweat creepy guy, he probably only knows about Cal, right?
- TurretinFan
Then I had very good dances with several new partners--as well as those I'd had with the two leaders I already knew--and the long wait became worthwhile.
A rather splendid memorial to Sir James Deane with his three wives. He was a merchant adventurer who made a fortune in India,China and the Spice Islands. He was a very generous benefactor to the poor of all the parishes he had lived in. He died in 1608 and was survived by his third wife .
Apartment #412...
SATURDAY, APRIL 10
- Gloves
7. The photos are too big. There’s less space for news.
Forget trying to pull up a mature onion from above the ground. Even if it has rained for a week and the ground is super soft and you may get a giant bulb when you pull, but you, my friend, have been fooled. The onion conspires to make fools of us all. A jokester. There in your valiant fist will be the green hair of its hollow tubular leaves and dangling like a beheaded Catholic in Henry the Eighth’s courtyard will be the gleaming white bulb. You’ve got it! “Ahha,” you think. But you would be wrong, because lurking beneath the surface will be half a dozen tiny bulblets that have peeled off, unbeknownst to you, settling in to live independently of the main mother bulb, just waiting to grow up, bloom a big flower of infinitesimal bulb-like seeds, the wind will blow and well….this is why they are invasive. You can’t get rid of them. I discriminate in this regard. I love every kind of onion for eating, all members of the allium family from garlic to shallots to scallions to purple onion. Equally in the yard I love the onions,
Always have been. Always wanted one.
“If I comprehend the matter rightly, he was on his own land when we saw him.”
Bus is so much cheaper to travel that train on long distances.
beneath this sky
Any who, I have been meaning to post this layout that I did for one of the challenges over at S4A. If you haven't stopped by yet, then you should...there are tons of scrappy challenges going on over there.
I also entered my class into the class valentine exchange. Right after I got the name of the class I was getting really worried about what my class could make that would make this class happy to receive valentine's at all. The class I got was fellow blogger First Grade Blue Skies. I had been following her blog during the summer and all of her cute creations. Me who doesn't do much art/crafty stuff in the classroom because we have no time, how was I going to create something that fit in the lines of a fellow crafty blogger? So needless to say, I struggled to find anything that my kids could create. I even made them peel crayons for one idea but then ended up changing my mind about it. I wonder if I would have been worried about what valentines to make if I had never heard of her blog at all. :-/ But in the end it all worked out and she and her class loved the valentines we created. You can see a picture of them over at her blog First Grade Blue Skies. I will post pictures of what her class sent us soon.
So, I knew the month was going to be hectic. I planned ahead the best I could. Transportation and lodging were all worked out in advance for the three weekend visits. In my mind, at least, I had the itinerary and menu laid out for my son’s graduation. But, 8 days before his graduation, my son passed-out briefly and fell and cut open his chin. I was right there in front of him and didn’t realize what had happened, especially when he got right up and seemed ok. So, this is disaster number one, or soon became one. I could write a long explanation of what transpired over the next 50 hours before we were able to get him out of the hospital where I had taken him for stitches (and I think I will write it…to the hospital by way of explaining the root causes for the high cost of medical care in this country). I’ll just cut to the chase and say that we got him out around 10 p.m. that Wednesday and he took make-up finals Thursday and Friday and did graduate on the appointed day. I am sure to find out exactly how much my insurance policy
On June 20, 1955, the day my father was born, there was a total eclipse of the sun, the single longest eclipse in more than 1200 years. The world was dark for a total of seven minutes and eight seconds that day. But just shy of 46 years later, when my father died, the world went dark once again.
I really recommend reading it if you can get your hands on a copy. Now all I need is an actual house!
This lens is treated with a PENTAX-original Aero Bright Coating, which ensures outstanding anti-reflection performance over a broader wavelength range to deliver images that are brighter and of higher quality. Created using PENTAX’s advanced nanotechnology, this exclusive coating reduces lens reflections and greatly improves light transmittance by forming a silica aerogel layer with uniform pores on the surface of the optical elements.
Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel agreed on a common policy of budget cuts and partial “reform” — a euphemism for “dismantling” — of the welfare state. This, they decided, was the way to return Europe to prosperity and save the European Union’s common currency, the euro, from collapse.
Harry Truman (favorite president)
Stumbled upon a questionnaire about autograph cards while browsing a blog linked from another regularly read blog. Figured I'd post it here so maybe my traffic might increase...
Matt met us at the mall after work and we all headed home. As soon as we got inside, Ryan didn't waste any time in his new shoes, taking a breather in his armchair to dive into that new book!
Good understanding in mechanical design concept and technical drawing.
I recommend Missing if you enjoy mysteries or romances! A great book in my opinion! :)
It also clips the wings of the criticism of Arsène’s transfer activity, a source of dissension as the summer window passes by with everyone but Arsenal signing players. Last year’s accusations of panic buying were a step too far; I think it only applied to Park with the coming deadline (and drubbing at Old Trafford) forcing the club’s hand in terms of fees. As I have suggested before, I still cannot fathom the signing of Park and will to some extent be surprised if he survives this summer at the club. There has to be more to it than the manager finding him to be lower in ability than the scouting reports suggested but his future is more likely to be linked to whom Arsenal retain or sign than his own desire.
Well, the time has come for me to do that, as publicly as possible. I messed up, did a stupid jerky thing, and I hope that you will forgive me and allow me to do better next time.
In coordination with our partner, Humanitarian Network (HN) , the construction team is hiring local Haitians, teaching them how to assemble the structures. All local trainees will receive training certificates, providing short term income and, hopefully, longer term employment opportunities as rebuilding efforts grow.
Todd Lockwood
Melson wrote a thought-provoking piece, reminded me of an old novel I'd forgotten I'd even read, and goosed me into thinking up other writers who, like myself, grew up with religion and reflect faith in their work. If you can think of other books and writers whose modeling of faith made a difference to you, join the discussion!
The MSCI Asia-Pacific Index (MXAP) of shares gained for a third day after reports yesterday showed US manufacturing expanded at the fastest pace since June and production gauges in China and India rose in January. Global funds bought $1.3 billion more …
OMG! I could rip my hair out. That’s SO dumb!
You'll note the book has the maximum 2 Kindle categories plus 4 Books categories. When you choose the categories, drill down as far as possible across the genres. Why? Because everywhere you see a blue link is a potential Bestseller or Popularity list where your book could show up. The more granular you go, the wider your exposure.
Possibly the greatest aspect of the show is that we are reminded that it is never to late to make changes in our lives. This last years show is proof of this. Several of the oldest participants on the show lost the most significant amounts of weight. To see a man in his 60′s who had been obese for years drop half his weight was incredible. Even the winner at 48 years of age beat out many of the young guns who were more athletic and who had more weight to lose. Being that I am in my mid 40′s I am reminded it is never to late to make changes in my life. Certainly there are more good things about this show but let me change gears now.
a raft of illustrious guest players on board this time, 'big names'
Acidulated Malt
the Keynote Speaker, Jimmy
I Know I Need to be In Love
The problem was, during that entire two hours, almost nobody showed up. Maybe five or so customers, a few of whom did buy the book. But for the most part, I wandered the store, chatted books and music with the staff, got wired on caffeine and fat on cookies. The manager, bless her heart, was very gracious and offered that the weather probably played a factor (in Oregon, you take advantage of those rare sunny days when they arrive). And on a nice day, during a weekend, most of downtown was as devoid of people walking the sidewalks as an apocalyptic sci-fi movie.
Where do you take inspiration from for your lyrics?
I show students the graphic organizer and I model how to fill in. I send students off to their seats to fill in the graphic organizer. We stop A BUNCH and so a mid-workshop share. Students share whole class, with a partner, with their table groups and so on. This is an activity in which the more students discuss the better and more thoughtful the responses are.
That was her signal to us...she was coping.
I wanted to tell you about the outdoor pillow covers and curtains I sewed, but it wasn't until my camera died that I realized I left the charger plugged into the wall at a San Fran hotel. Total bummer. Anyhow, Rob ordered a battery charger for the camera from Amazon so I should be able to fill you in on these projects within several days - once I juice my battery back up.
I've been busy hunting for the studio space near my home.
I was out with a couple of friends last night and the talk turned to unusual cover versions we have known and loved. When I trumped their efforts with the Thai rendition of Boney M's 'Rasputin' they foolishly asked me to put together a collection for them.
Other events during the week include:
The second description is that these people have Tasted the Heavenly Gift. The fact of the matter is that this heavenly gift is not identified. What is likely being referred to here is the Holy Spirit. In other words, the second description is a literary introduction to the more direct wording of the third description. The third description is more direct, Partakers of the Holy Spirit. The idea that the Holy Spirit is the gift makes sense in light of what Jesus said about sending the Holy Spirit after He is gone (John 14:15-16).
My daughter and I were at the mall to view the art exhibits of local schoolchildren, hers included. She was eager to see it, as was I. Her piece was a mixed media collage of what she dubbed the "Silly Bot", a whimsical creation of metallic foil paper, markers, crayons and pens. The Silly Bot, as one would expect, is a robot in a silly pose, flanked by a bird in a cage (wearing a party hat), a small stage (what she dubbed the "joke stand", a small platform complete with microphone) and the "Amazing Flying Zebra", an airborne zebra wearing "rocket boots" (complete with flames) to boost it into the sky.
For hope of holding onto the memories
2 cups whole wheat flour
Son: Randy Dick (b. 1960)
The pictures below are taken from
At some point I’ll have to post about “Acceptable” technical graphics and the hidden semiotics of science imagery. Need more coffee for that though. After the gap – a bit of nerdliness. Click an arrow or something if you’re phobic about science (no math here yet – haven’t figured out WordPress equations)
There are many others and I’d love to hear your favorites. These are just the ones that I know I will refer back to time and again.
2. Put the lid on and every 20 seconds or so shake the pan, when you hear the first pop shake more often. Turn the heat down when the strangely fun popping begins and enjoy yourself by watching the mini firework display (if you have a see-through lid of course). Keep shaking it every so often until only a few pops can be heard, take it off the heat and leave to stand for a minute or so, then take off the lid and leave the popcorn to cool.
But one that I picked to try first was this recipe for chocolate pudding. "For utmost deliciousness," it said, "serve with whipped cream.
When Tag’s father and brother leave the family unexpectedly and without explanation, the changes that occur in his once-perfect world cause Tag to systematically rebel against everything he once believed in. The impact is most apparent on the outside as Tag assumes a Goth-like persona with an angry, rebellious attitude to match.
Crush the remaining 6 Oreos in a plastic food storage bag using a rolling pin. Sprinkle crushed Oreos on top of each brownie-battered Oreo. Bake for 12 minutes. Let cool completely before removing from tins.
The Labour Party intents to put up a real fight to hold the city, their task isn’t easy by half as they are being pressed from all sides by other parties.
**Anthony's story: received text message from *B with my picture, figured it was a girl he knew. Didn't check the voicemail on his phone because he thought another friend had left it, so he had no clue we were going on a blind date that Saturday. He added me on Myspace thinking I was some random girl and "what the heck". It wasn't until Friday he ran into *G who mentioned being excited to meet some sorority girls that he put it all together that he was going on a date with me the next day**
OK. On with the good.
My most recent tangent away from Curse of the Blood Stone occurred while watching a typical adventure movie. The hero and his sidekick rescue a beautiful damsel and foil the antagonist's plans. Granted, the beautiful damsel in this case was brainy and resourceful. But the little lightbulb went on and I asked, what if...?
This act struck a chord with the people of Sidi Bouzid. In most Arab countries, corruption, injustice and oppression had been the norm for decades. Residents of Sidi Bouzid began protesting on the streets, raising their voices for dignity and justice. Despite a crackdown by the Tunisian government on the demonstrations, other Tunisians in other cities heard the call. The movement spread like wildfire via Facebook and Twitter. By the time Bouazizi died on Jan. 4, 2011, the demonstrations had nearly reached Tunis.
I don't normally blog about my dog, but he is like one of our children, so here goes! We own a long-legged, black & white Jack Russell Terrier. His name is Chipper and he is 13 years old. Chipper has tons of personality and was quite crazy in his younger years. There is never a shadow or reflection he doesn't chase. He tries to eat the vacuum cleaner every time we pull it out. He barks when you pull out the pots and pans from the cabinet. (It is like he is trying to protect me from them, lol!) Our neighbors have a Rottweiler that must weigh a gazillion pounds. Chipper barks and tries to go after it, as if he is a big dog himself.
At the Walk-About on Saturday, another 20 boxes were sold. Way to go girls!
more mortal down the years
That is the sign at the border welcoming me back to the great state of Texas. This is the second snowfall we've had this year as we got 5 inches a week or so back. We desperately need the moisture so we'll take it in any form but at least one friend in Michigan tells me they have yet to get a single snowfall. I blame Rick Perry's disbelief in global warming for this early season snow. Either that or years of hairspray abuse has created an avalanche of dandruff on our Guv'nuh's scalp and each time he flies over to attend another debate turbulence shakes a few inches off only to fall on we commoners up here in the panhandle.
You need to leave comment for all the above, otherwise I would have no idea of the count of people.
29. “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” –Walt Disney
I would have Frankenstein’s Monster. I’ve always felt he got a raw deal and I’d like to make things up to him as long as he doesn’t leak formaldehyde all over his plate.
1) Indiana Pacers (23-14) @ Miami Heat (30-9), Saturday/6:30 pm
Wednesday - We had dinner at Andrew's parents house with his Aunt, Uncle & cousins who we don't get to see very often, but who are my very favourite aunt & uncle in law. We had barbecued pork chops & salads & everything was delicious & then we had a yogurt pie that my mother in law made for dessert.
began to talk nonsense, and went so far that Lord Robert at last said,
A year ago today we had no idea how much our lives were about to change for the better.
Steve and I have cleared more of the jungle areas, worked further on the planned gravel area at the side of the house and then went to the garden centre to look for inspiration :)
They discovered that a tectonic plate under the Pacific Ocean in southern Alaska was pushing toward the coast, creating very steep mountains. "The high mountains and heavy precipitation are critical for glacier formation. The colliding plates create a great deal of pressure that builds up, and eventually is relieved by earthquakes."
This I can promise you: the things I hear inside my own head are far more substantial then any other form of spoken love.
6) I'm a Friday's child (I didn't know this when I did my Friday's child canvas a few weeks ago, what a coincidence!!!)
Get your audience to participate by posting the contest on your site. If the winner heard about the contest on your site, you will both win the prize!
You can add another set of tubing (it's always good to have a back up, since the tubes can break).*
The item presents any range of useful characteristics in a handset calibrating 109x 60x 13.9 mm thick and coming in at simply 104 g.
In the spot, Ray holds an iced coffee while standing in front of trees with pink blossoms.
Know first thyself, thy heart, thy soul, thy mind
"Raffles is the latest and gaudiest of the private clubs around Manhattan, and when I report that Cecil Beaton designed and decorated it, perhaps I have said everything. Mr. B. is the most aesthetic of men and in his photographs, drawings and stage settings, you can almost hear the flapping of Peter Pan's wings. Although, with the new club, he has check-reined his gossamer flights a bit.
I wore...
One independent retailer, Ronald "Mac" Walter, who owns two discount furniture stores in Tampa, doubts that the amendment will seriously hurt the job market.
Air fresher ( Card style NO aerosols)
If only I was as smart! I kept ‘trying again’ with the man I mention above. Hope is a powerful thing and my hope that Mr. Hot/Cold and I might end up happy together, despite tremendous evidence to the contrary kept overruling all common sense. I rode my rollercoaster-from-hell for two years. One day I was desperately wanted, the next I was ignored – on and on it went and I, stupid b*tch that I am, kept going back for more. Finally, we had a huge fight during which I expressed what had become incredible anger about our relationship. He responded with ice cold disdain, saying he had never promised me anything and that I needed to stop bothering him with my pesky, unwelcome emotions.
among Wren’s interiors. See The Proposed Demolition of Nineteen City
The Couvent de la Tourette, near Lyon, is one of Le Corbusier's great iconic buildings. It was inaugurated in October 1960 - exactly 50 years ago. It was originally planned as a place of study and residence for up to 80 Dominican friars, where they would spend four or five years training before moving on to other priories. Today it is home to ten friars, seven of whom were in residence the weekend we stayed. The spare rooms provide accommodation for visitors. Largely made up of the architecturally curious and those in search of an environment where they can truly disconnect from everyday life. On the Saturday night we stayed there were probably around 20 guests.
Unfortunately I can't show you what can only be described as the coolest cakes we have ever made for a celebrity (you'll have to tune in to the show tonight for that reveal). My next two picks went to the Lady Gaga cake, if for no other reason that it was for Lady Freak'n Gaga (!!!) and Matt Preston's surprise birthday cravat cake.
9. Doctor 1
Nope, not floating. Not wasting away. Not lazy (altho that sounds like a REALLY good idea. Great idea.).
We heard back from our facilitator.
I cannot begin to tell you what
Perhaps there is such a thing as collective responsibility sometimes.
It's Saturday morning and we woke up to the sun shining. We opened all the blinds in the RV and the sky is blue and it's gorgeous outside. We're gonna go for a long walk later. Erik fixed all the leaky problems yesterday and we can finally relax.
BF: Yes. That’s right.
“You get artists in this position who go crazy and don’t know how to handle it. There are people who have killed themselves. There’s the overwhelming stress, how tired you are, the weight on your shoulders of going out there and giving 18,000 people entertainment… it’s a lot of pressure.
More detail anon…
maybe we became adluts finally.. LOL
You can serve the soup right away. The flavors will intensify over time. It tastes great hot or cold. It can keep for several days to a week in the fridge and it can be frozen for later use.
Director - Joost Vandebrug
Anyway, this Friday I reached the end of that story. Now the next chapter will begin.
“Wow! Your mother is a very charming woman.”
The New Year is bringing lots of changes for the boys and I.
Have a great week, y'all. I'm starting my full-on journey toward being that skinny bitch in the morning. All good wishes and positive prayers gratefully accepted.
1.Heat oil in a large skillet. Add chicken pieces and cook until lightly browned. Remove chicken. Add remaining ingredients, heating over medium heat until well mixed and dissolved. Add chicken and bring to a hard boil.
'Monsieur shall be eating no fish nor shellfish and Madame being coeliac'
Mothers are those wonderful people who can get up in the morning before the smell of coffee. ~Author Unknown
I’m going to explain, right now, why a Russian FPS/RPG called Pathologic is the single best and most important game that you’ve never played.
Carnival of Souls
Send news tips and comments to mikael_ricknas@idg.com
Which leaders would be on the guest list for your fantasy dinner party?
Okay, so it doesn’t look so appetizing but let me describe what’s going on in this mess. The eggs were mixed with few spoonfuls of heavy whipping cream and scrambled in a pan of sautéed slivers of green onions (white parts only). When the eggs are still a bit “wet,” I sprinkled the chopped chives (mostly for color?). Upon plating, I topped the eggs with Costo S.Salmon bits and drizzled the mixer of creme fraiche, fresh lemon juice, grated lemon rind, and some salt and pepper all over this (you don’t need much really). The creme fraiche is little too thick for me — like greek yogurt — so we add more lemon juice to give it the tanginess we like. This also makes the sauce a little watery and not so visually appealing (use your dirty imagination). But it’s all going in the same place (and out the same place, hopefully) so does it really matter?
The pacing and attention to detail are spot on, with assorted exciting incidents within that are certain to please the reader. A few such scenarios were: Niall’s encounter during a dream-state of carnivorous plants in a forested glade; and discovering a vicar had inherited ‘power’. All sub-plot threads were tied up at the end except for a few that will obviously be dealt with in the following books of the series.
Change in my personal life.
If you refer a customer to me and they purchase a car, I will send you $200!
Whew! I thought… dodged a bullet there…
The last two weeks have been eye-opening. I've not only had to reach deep down to discover how my abuse changed the very motivations and needs that make up my life, but I've also had to imagine my family's motivations. I've had to step back from villianization, to imagining what experiences they had as children to make up their primal needs and goals. It's been like trying to open up everyone's hearts, without judgment, in order to create believable, fleshed-out characters. And although, I will never excuse what they've done to me or how badly they botched this situation (welcoming a child-molester into your family, a child-molester who abused your own child, is totally inexcusable) I'm starting to see what shaped them and, perhaps, even understand them even more.
The question is not if, but when the Internet is amputated, mutilated, and disabled.
What really pisses me off, is that it has taken until now for the people of this once great nation to take a stand, and that the stand is being taken against white, Christian Europeans. If, instead of Italian and Polish workers, these jobs had been given to non-European immigrants from Africa, Asia or the Caribbean would the Politically correct brain washing have kicked in, and would those now protesting stayed at home to watch “Hustle” or some other Common Purpose approved propaganda with a take away curry. I hope not, but I fear so.
I would produce the fashion packages and pieces about where they keep their oscars.
then fall in love.”
undiscovered land, but did not
Find time to sleep.
The City. The opportunities you have here, and which you would have nowhere else. Being able to walk down the street in PJ’s and not being looked at like a freak. Dressing up after work just to hit up happy hour in the City. Brunch on the weekends. The free things you can do every single day, no matter what the weather is.
Since today is May 4th, it’s appropriate on InterGalactic Star Wars Day to re-run Dark Side’s piece.
when do sth
And so, as I glanced at the labels to verify the pride of the U.S.A. in my purchases, I was… disappointed, to say the least. In fact, I was absolutely shocked! There were almost no products in Target that were made in America. Bangladesh, China, Indonesia, Vietnam, and other known sweatshop imported products filled the shelves. And while an occasional Made In America product was prominently featured, most of these were from tried and true conglomerates and mega-corporations that no doubt manufacture in such bulk that their prices can barely (just barely) compete with those of the enslaved third-world. And so the thought of seeing a mom-and-pop produced gadget or gizmo, or at least one that hasn’t been bought up by these large monopolistic conglomerates – who keep the “local” or “small town” name on their hostile taken-over products for marketing purposes – flew right out the window.
It's been three weeks since I stopped coffee cold turkey. Shockingly, I still make it through my days. My life has not fallen apart. I am not completely void of energy as I feared that I would be. Could it be that I have a deeper source of energy than coffee?
Cole Phelps is a lowly patrol officer when L.A. Noire begins. He joined the L.A.P.D after military service in World War II and soon starts making a name for himself. The opening four episodes of the story end with his promotion to detective. Phelps craves structure and authority to prove himself, but he possesses all the subtlety of a police siren. He expects nothing less than the fearless execution of his duties, and he dismisses any collateral damage incurred from that pursuit. Phelps is often the worst kind of honest cop: an up-tight bureaucrat carrying a gun. He throws himself into the role of detective with intense gravitas and barely concealed pride.
For sure, some college degrees are more marketable than others, but I like the approach of Singletary’s Washington Post editorial better.
Some of the reasons the give for sending poop are: a gag, or a gift for someone who has everything.
Telling them that it was necessary to confiscate their pocket money, because they needed to start saving for their pensions right now, was reckless and provocative.
Three WTK concerts in 1 month. Best idea ever!
The point is this: the good news Paul proclaimed to the Corinthians (and we assume he did likewise to other peoples in other places) is essentially the story of Jesus. Paul’s gospel was the sequence of events that, in this telling, begins with Jesus’ death, continues through his burial, resurrection, appearance, and ascension.
I built up 4 Zapdots in the center of this wreath to base the center embellishments off of. It is so sturdy and nice and tall. The adhesive on these puppies is strong and lasts forever! I have not hand any of these release their adhesive like I have with other brands of foam dimensionals.
No measurement
Today’s trek into the countryside was not the mudfest it was yesterday. But one of our four-wheel drive vehicles (our team travels in two cars), did get stuck trying to cross a small river on our way to the first site visit. We caught the whole thing on video just like a National Geographic documentary. After several attempts by our fearless Haitian drivers, it was decided it’d be best to leave the hopeless SUV behind and just take the pickup truck which zipped across the river, no problem. Once on dry land, Kate and the camera crew gamely climbed into the back of the pickup and we picked our way along the gutted country road going about 15 miles per hour, at most. Occasionally our driver had to get out and place rocks in the deep ruts so the truck would stay level.
Where all the emotions grow.
Febraury 3, 2012: On February 6, you will be able to follow the Halton District School Board on the social media forum, Twitter. This new venture for the Halton District School Board will allow followers to keep current on “tweets” about system issues, regional events, and matters of interest to students, staff and the community.
I have the most striking beautiful flowers.
Moon nodded his head in genuine appreciation for this flurry of wordy words.
Sometimes standing motionless
LB/ak
The kind attendant gave me my drink. I took my little cup of spicy tomato juice... one sip, two sips, set it down and THEN!!... while reaching for it a third time, I some how managed to bump the cup over onto the top of the tray and spill out its contents!!!
Naturligtvis måste man ha lite julmusik denna dag. Pappas favorit bland julsånger var Adam's Julsång eller "O Helga Natt" som den ju heter. Och den ska sjungas av en man med djup röst - som Håkan Hagegård...
Between Two Seas was your debut novel and it was shortlisted for several awards – the Waterstones Children's Book Prize 2008, the Glen Dimplex New Writers Award in Ireland, the Hampshire Book Award and the 2009 Branford Boase Best Debut Novel Award. This is a fantastic achievement and how did it feel to receive such a wonderful response for your debut novel?
I loved the locations all over New York as well as Paris. We watch in awe as Streep’s Miranda leaves bodies in her wake where ever she goes and every day as well. Will Andy get through this horrid apprenticeship, will Miranda’s divorce be so destructive that stories will be on every newspaper in the country’s Page Six – will she care what they say in those stories, and finally will Emily survive?
Indeed, the dissenters admit that any delegated power directly exercised by the principal is considered withdrawn from the agent. A cursory examination of Commonwealth Act No. 671 will show that the legislative function therein specified had been discharged by the Congress. The following illustrates the powers delegated in the Act and the measures enacted by the Congress itself covering each:
I sat in service seeing new faces on stage and I didn’t see any room for me. I was filled with selfishness and jealousy. I see this clearly now, but at the time I just thought I didn’t like our church anymore.
Sure enough, as we made it to the back of the store, two six-packs of the good stuff were sitting there on the shelf.
You drink five bottles a day — 2 ounces with breakfast (oatmeal with fruit mixed in), 4 ounces with lunch, 6 ounces in the afternoon, 3 ounces with dinner and 6 ounces at bedtime. We’ve been working on getting you to drink water from a sippy cup with your morning snack of fruit and cheerios, but you like to chew on the cup more than drink from it. We’re still trying to find a cup that works for you, but I think we may need to put formula in it instead of water to see if it’s just the water that you don’t like. So far, you haven’t tasted juice — we’re trying to keep in that way as long as we can!
i would be completely lying if i said these last 3 years have been nothing but bliss.
I am on the bus home and I am tired, though not as tired as I had been. Four weeks on from a fortnight of doing fuck all in the French Alps and I am still feeling somewhat restored. There were three months of waking up feeling bleached and sedated prior to that. I don't know why.
It may only last a moment, an hour, or an afternoon,
"This is just what we need," he said as the black and red engine car rumbled into view and blew its whistle twice. "A ride."
pictures from tfs
Pours deeper than Anniversary, but still a deep amber. The color difference is probably due to the dry hopping, and it seems to be unfiltered, or at least loosely filtered. The head is a little smaller than it probably used to be because it's aging a little bit.
my thoughts tend to shiver their way toward things that will keep me warm.
Trolls come in second in the “baddest” category, as they had two raids directly related to them: Zul’Gurub and Zul’Aman. Unlike the undead, it’s clear that these trolls were in full control of their mental facilities, so this clearly is a “racial” issue. Yes, they were under bad leadership (and still are, apparently), but they chose to worship Hakkar and their totem spirits, so they really only have themselves to blame. The troll count for raid bosses totals 13, even if a lot of them have since been downgraded to dungeon bosses.
The Book Maven wishes all readers a happy and bookfilled year in 2012
The probability and type of effect depend on dose and the developmental stage of the embryo or foetus.
oceans. They took Mother, lost in the wilderness of strange
I have read through the Internet and came out with some conclusions. Firstly, all films are manipulative on some level but the way they handle it is how you distinguish whether they are subtle or heavy-handed. Now these two words are pretty ambiguous and they are rather the absolute so I think it is safe to say that no film is fully subtle or no film is fully heavy-handed. In fact, a lot of films, good or bad, is a mix and mash of both and it can be quite indiscernible most of the time. There are, however, films and cartoons that lean heavily towards each spectrum and I will try to give some examples below.
I’ve been with Hubby for nearly 6 years (it will be this June) and May 17th will mark 4 years of marriage. It hasn’t always been easy and there have been some genuinely un-fun moments, but all in all, I would never change a thing. I love being married. Hubby is, without a doubt, my best friend in the whole world. He was my best friend before we got married and we’ve certainly gotten even closer since. I simply cannot imagine life without him! He is the most charming, sweet, loving man that I’ve ever met. He looks out for me and my needs before his own all the time. He’s there for me when my social anxiety gets the better of me, always understanding, but he also pushes me into social situations because he believes I am strong enough to make it through. I can literally tell him anything in the whole wide world and he would never think less of me. His compassion knows no bounds and he loves me for who I am - just the way I am.
(Photo: TC)
The European Debt Crisis and Your Investments equips you to get ahead of what is yet to come. You get 11 chart-filled articles loaded with our insights into the European debt crisis — plus a special excerpt from Robert Prechter’s New York Times bestseller Conquer the Crash.
17 How Soon Is Now
Most of their meetings looked like this. This is German/English sign language.
William Merritt Chase, The Bayberry Bush
“Well, it is how it started out,” I said, “I knew your first name first. By the way, why don’t you go by it?”
Why do we have 2 DSLRs? Simple - one is a backup. When you're shooting for money, you can't tell that Tahitian Ukele Maker that the camera is busted and we'll have to come back another time. You bring two bodies, each with a suitable lens.
Was he kidding me?
Then he grew serious.
It is time our retailers stopped selling books on a ‘no risk, sure we can return them to the wholesalers in three months’ basis, and, perhaps then, they might invest more time into the buying needs and comforts of the public when they enter a bookstore to experience the gift of reading.
I have witnessed accidents because of low visibility around the trash trucks, and a number of times we have had tire tracks swerving up to our lawn and back down to the street.
This last week's travels took us through towns and villages, along bumpy backroads and under chimney-scraping bridges and back again and we met some lovely folk along the way.
- Educational Innovation
I hope everyone had a wonderful Valentine's Day today. Valentine's day is probably my favorite holiday. I enjoy letting my friends and family know how much I care about them. I like that it fell on a Monday this year as we celebrated with our friends and family all weekend!
I still believe that the most important aspect of any relationship is communication, but my humility and patience (and a car ride) are needed to achieve it.
The topic was wonders of the physical body. That already hints at all sorts of fun, and the show didn’t disappoint.
Nicholas Staddon, Director of New Plants for Monrovia Nursery, promises to light up our gardens for another year. He will present a dazzling selection of Monrovia plants that can capture our attention regardless of the month or season. He will introduce us to new and not so new plants that are great performers in Southern California. Working with breeders, hybridizers, and professional Plant Explorers, he scours the globe for new discoveries in the plant world. He works closely with professional garden writers and Monrovia’s customers, providing information on plants both old and new – sharing his views on garden trends. He is a favorite and frequent speaker at the Arboretum. www.monrovia.com
*Sun is a candidate.
1 albion
There is one bus that often runs late. It disgorges its kids after the bell at the primary school and I see high school kids getting more and more anxious waiting for it. I'd never seen this guy before, so surmised he was year 7. He was clearly worried.
These three were celebrating their birthdays:
A series of over and under logs, after going under the first one I noticed an abundance of black spiders (I squished one on the way under) I decided to go over every log some piled 3 high and only go under the ones with barbed wire on top (about 3 of them) having to dodge and squish spiders on the way under.
In the fourth private meeting of the Council, held on May 15, same time and same place, the bishops of the United States agreed to ask the Holy See for permission, in all the dioceses of the country, to add the word "Immaculate" in the orations and preface of the divine office and Mass of the Conception of Mary; and also to add in the Litany of the Blessed Virgin the invocation: "Queen, conceived without sin, pray for us."
Who woulda thunk it?
viewed from afar
You’ll see everything from calligraphy to canned goods!
so her internal tears
"You be quiet!"
“I’ve had a breakthrough! I’m so excited!” proclaimed a friend of mine who just began to pastor a congregation in Pennsylvania. He was referring to John, a young man with Down syndrome who attends church regularly with his parents.
Whipwhirls are a form of elemental conjured into the prime material plane from the elemental planes. At first glance, whipwhirls appear as harmless lengths of white cotton cloth ranging from 5-25’ in length. They are, however, semi-intelligent and, though quite weak individually, are capable of a number of disabling attacks.
that I couldn't really drive.
Sua Sponte!
Samhain, Hallowe'en--whatever you call it, it is a signal that winter is upon us, and that darkness is rising towards its December peak. Today is All Souls--and also the start of NaNoWriMo. Now I've never done NaNoWriMo, but I did consider it this year, having a novel to write myself. But I just can't bring myself to do it. The days of winter, for me, are a time of going inward, a time of hibernation in which to do my creative dreaming. So in keeping with the season in which I become the writer-bear, I give you a poem to celebrate those of us who prefer to take things a little more slowly.
STEP 2: MAKE ROYAL ICING AND ICE COOKIES
to be reached we must
Dit un pater, et prend le menton de Simone... -
There I was yesterday morning quietly eating my breakfast while perusing the garden. First I saw that the possums had been wreaking havoc on my new tomato bushes…nothing new there. Need a new strategy.
That is our clarion call
When I was a boy my dad had a book called: Eloquence in Public Speaking: How To Set Your Words On Fire by Kenneth McFarland. It was about how to put sparks in human hearts and it helped to create in me the desire to be a great speaker.
1 almost
I am not happy with her. I need you in my life.
Carol leaves fresh poems
VII. The Blessings of Forgiveness and Feasting
I have decided that in 2012 I will do my best to use what I already have and not purchase new supplies until I have used what I have already invested money into. I think my exception would be if I needed a special trim that I absolutely do not have or if I run of of yarn to finish a project or something like that but for the most part I am going to try and be creative with what I have....kind of like what Laura Wilder would have done. She didn't have a gourmet yarn shop or Joanns to shop at afterall.
Obtained from Doctors Commons in London, from the Archbishop of Canterbury or his representative. The difference between this and an Ordinary licence was that it granted the right of the couple to marry at any convenient time or place. All other requirements were the same (something that is frequently left out of the details in Romance Novels). Names of both parties were given at the time of the application, you couldn’t fill them in later. In 1808, a Stamp Duty was imposed on the actual paper, vellum or parchment the licence was printed upon, of £4. In 1815, the duty increased to £5.
We have years to live but can’t add years to life.
As a bit of a tech-nerd, the ideas of microblogs and live blogging were not foreign to me.
the stimulated strength beneath us, between us,
There is also a suspicion that the Bermuda triangle and the area where this pyramid was supposedly located may be some sort of “holy grounds” that is being protected by the fabled Atlanteans – that whatever crosses over the location is considered an offering… Others hypothesize that the pyramid can attract and collect cosmic rays, from the so called “energy field” or “quantum vacuum” and that this may have been used as an Altantean power plant (or whoever was around at the time). With the mystery still surrounding behind the Egyptian pyramids and the fact that the pyramidal structures seems to be found in almost all ancient cultures – its going to be hard to tell for certain the origin of this structure or if it truly exists (we haven’t been there yet so…) but be sure to check back frequently as we at Apparently Appare & BeforeItsNews.com try to bring you this kind of news BEFORE it makes it to the rest of the world. That’s why we are here. That is our mission.
From time to time, I like to write about historical places in Singapore. It takes a bit of time to research and photograph these places. So for today, here is a focus on Fullerton Hotel, one of the historical building in Singapore. By the way, I am not affliated or an employee of the hotel.
This little kitty is a free digi (go get it!) from Sweet 'n Sassy stamps, who decided to set the tone for the New Year with generosity, humor and fun.
J.C.'s beautiful poem, "Blighted," and his beautiful Patch of Ground and his beautiful symbolic drawing he brought to class just to show me.
“What’s up?”
On Friday she posted on her Twitter, “I love you dear madam. Let’s do the healthy diet together. I love you mommy”, along with a photo.
I mean, how can he be with **Miley**??? Ick. And I have to say that after reading the books, I was team Peeta all the way (that was before I saw who was playing him in the movie, not as impressive, but *meh*), so there you have it. Muzzle. (c:
MA: I LOVE your blog. It radiates charm. So few journos can do blogging. Would you describe yourself as a 'seducer'? Considerable charm must have been deployed in your career to win people over. I mean, when did you lose your virginity? What's your star sign?
1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
Maximize your profit by checking out this show!
Food cravings: I’m back on King Cake. Which could explain the 2 lb. weight gain.
Times have evolved and so is the music business. These days the music is becoming much more than a passion for music fans and DJs across the world. When you are a DJ, you are involved in a profession or hobby that is filled with a lot of excitement.
The content of this blog is the original content of Diane McDermott, NC Residential Real Estate Broker in Charlotte NC’s real estate market serving neighborhoods in Charlotte NC
Being a mother can be so challenging at times. My 11 year old daughter and 12 year old son have there own personal war going on, that no one else seems to get. It starts in the morning before school, after school and continues on until someone or both ends up going to bed early. They have a very difficult time being in the same room with one another without picking at one another, instigating arguments, or doing something intentionally to make the other one angry.
So, I thought, hmmm maybe I can come up with something. I was wandering through the aisles trying to get some inspiration when I saw the flower foam, which gave me the whole idea.
She’s a very radical woman for the Victorian era, an independent woman and an archaeologist.
-A book can be gorier than a film. Go figure.
1) It is their form of escape from their reality
Cools HJ, van Essen GA; Dutch Society of Nursing Home Specialists. Practice guideline 'Influenza prevention in nursing homes and care homes', issued by the Dutch Society of Nursing Home Specialists; division of tasks between nursing home specialist, general practitioner and company doctor. Ned Tijdschr Geneeskd 2005; 149: 119-124; discussion 116-118.
The Politics of ‘The Hunger Games’
The artwork is fantastic, at times looking like woodcuts and really evoking a look of the time period. The colors are strong and the whole atmosphere of the book is spot on. On top of that, we also get a backup story of older characters (El Diablo) and a new one (The Barbary Ghost).
The story is essentially the same as the novel: a grueling, epic tale of two men braving the wilds of Britain to recover a piece of metal.... for the sake of honor and redemption. And while the conclusion is definitely different than the book, it's just as good. In fact, the final scene brings us to back to what the film was meant to be: an epic, dare I say swashbuckling, adventure.
Seems the theme of last week’s articles and blogs were pretty uniform. It was all big dicks and anal sex. I don’t really have anything to say about anal sex but I am willing to throw my two cents in about the well-endowed. It all started with an article Why I Hate My Giant Dong written by Charles Allen for The Good Men Project. It was an article in which he documented the mixed blessings of having a massive member. Within hours of the article’s posting every female magazine on the web had commented.
Coat the potatoes and wedges in the fat and then put the wedges back. Cover them in a generous amount of salt and black pepper.
VET – The announcement of the Skills for Australians package which offers an additional $1.7 billion investment in VET is a great opportunity for regional TAFEs. VET has more students attending from lower SES backgrounds in the regions than universities. Plus, their role in skilling regional industry sectors particularly in mining and resources, infrastructure, tourism and the gas and oil sectors are critical. While the larger TAFEs are mostly able to manage on current funding levels, regional TAFEs are very cash strapped.
Some of my other travel photos from Peru, including Machu Picchu and other sacred Inca sites, can be seen in other posts in this blog and also in a gallery HERE.
Lines have been written, but your script: lost.
Comedians get free reign over a lot of topics about which they know squat. They're allowed to be wrong as long as they're funny, although there have been many times in which I've said after hearing a joke "that's not funny. ... And it's wrong."
Hi Folks — My friend, who is a magazine editor, is already compiling her December gift guide (of course), and one of the many products that just crossed her desk is this: A backpack with a built-in car alarm! Just pull the string and the thing starts shrieking. “Because,” my friend noted, “nothings says ‘Happy Holidays’ quite like a school bag with a built-in car alarm.”
Garter belt is suspenders, suspenders are called braces, pants are trousers and underwear is pants. A vest is a waistcoat, an undershirt is a vest! Vagina is fanny and a fanny is your butt. Your butt is a bum there (I’m not being crude, this needs to be known because when you go around England with your “fanny pack” you will know why Brits break out in laughter-you’re welcome!). See what I mean? Very confusing. I have actually logged hundreds of words that differed from the ones that I used as I needed to understand it to be able to function in society. There were several times I was very embarrassed (see my blog Have I Got News For You). I used the word toss at work and everyone started laughing. I was finally told it means that someone is pleasuring themselves. If I went into a store to buy something and said to the cashier, “I have a tweny”, the response would be “Sorry? I didn’t understand.” That’s because we Americans do not use our Ts. Why don’t we say twenTy? No idea. I also told someone I was self-suffic
WAY out in San Fernando Valley, where the 118 meets the 210 on Glenoaks.
What effect will this have on existing CO2 levels?
Day 13
No one ever asked me if I truly loved Andrew.
9. If I came to visit you in your current place of residence, where would you take me? How long are you going to be here for?! This is vital! We could go to the beach, go shopping in downtown SLO, go to Hearst Castle, drive up Highway 1 to Big Sur, go see the seals, go hiking, hit The Cliffs for happy hour and listen to some bands play...the possibilities are ENDLESS!
I belong to God, my children, my family and I have defeated the false prophets, because the Spirit Who is in me is more powerful than the spirit in those who belong to the world! Amen!
The place is fresh and feminine, accented with Tiffany blue accessories and chandeliers.
As I said, being in remission during the time that this book was being in remission helped in ways I can only appreciate now, as someone experiencing the beginnings of a relapse but still writing. Being sick, without a doubt, impacts a person’s writing. If there isn’t a medication giving you brain fog and making you forget half the stuff you planned to write, there’s the fact that you’re clinging to a toilet for dear life and picking up a pen and paper is the last thing on your mind. It boils down to the moments in between, when things are quiet. The pressure is on to squeeze as many meaningful words onto paper in those rare moments as possible.
by Carol Troven, Judith Barter, Elliot Davis, and Edward Hopper as her favorite. Rita says "I bought this book at the Museum of Fine Arts gift shop in Boston MA. after attending the Edward Hopper exhibit in August 2007. It was a breathtaking exhibit and as I'm a huge fan of Hopper's style, to see the paintings in person was wonderful. The book sits atop my coffee table so I can flip through it often.
His hands slowly drift down my body.
The flight attendants were busy running their service - no help there. I was on my own. So, I began to scoop up the red liquid with my bare hands and pour it back into the now empty plastic cup. It was NOT a very effective method of repair, to say the least.
One of the greatest blessings I have in my life has been to be able to be a stay at home mother. I never wanted to be a stay at home mom growing up – I was convinced that happiness was found outside the home. I KNEW I wanted to have a career in Interior Design, live in England, and make all my dreams come true. As soon as I married, my heart started to change and I could see how self-centered my views were. I was not looking at the full potential God wanted me to be. Oh how things change! Oh how God works in marvelous ways!
I feel very introspective. I'm tired of the bull crap surrounding me. I just want to look these people in the eyes and yell at the top of my lungs: GROW UP!!!
Change of control
Brrrrr - am sure even with wet suits the North Sea is cold in February - also we don't get the waves here for surfing - mad people!!
valiha) and synth-like keyboard textures, "The Red Shoes"
Not having gone to anything like this before (and not knowing anyone there) I was looking forward to it but didn't really know what to expect! It was advertised as a one day festival celebrating the earth and contemplative spirituality in the Jesus tradition. I admit I didn't really know what that was going to mean - I suppose also it means I went open minded and with no preconceived ideas either. Sometimes that's a good thing.
Faced with a society where each person had his own opinions about everything, Socrates went from citizen to citizen (he would talk to anybody, rich or poor) and asked them basic questions about their beliefs. At first the questions seemed innocent, but by the end of the discussion, Socrates had unearthed the illogical or prejudicial basis of things held to be true. The person could see, by the light of reason that the truth was far different from what he supposed. Socrates’ method was to outwit ignorance by calling on the higher faculty of rationality.
Mr. Bergman was born on Nov. 29, 1939, in Cleveland, one of two children of Oscar and Rita Bergman. His parents hosted a radio show in Cleveland when he was growing up, “Breakfast With the Bergmans.” His father also worked as a reporter for The Plain Dealer.
All up and down the Perth coastline it’s near impossible to not be able to find a good vantage point to watch the sunset. All along the coastal dual-use path, people walk, jog and run right along the waters edge. A very popular spot to the locals.
It does not compute. Western economists can concoct all the economic recovery plans in the world, but a country that can’t teach half its people to read, and can’t produce employable university graduates, and can’t feed itself, is going to go down the drain. Nasser, Sadat and Mubarak kept Egypt under control by keeping most of its people poor, ignorant, and on the farm, and by warehousing its youth in state-run diploma mills. After sixty years of such abuse, Egypt simply can’t get there from here.
Thank you for your consideration, and I look forward to hearing from you.
distress inks - fired brick.black soot.forest moss,tumbled glass and broken china
Sprinkle a little flour on a work surface (I used 2 pieces of plastic wrap) and roll out the dough to 1/4" thickness.
Besides, I’m really disturbed by the frequency of finding hair in my food after today’s incident, which marks the 3rd time in 3 months.
As South Africa moves ever closer to the American ideal, the pains attending the illusions of social and economic justice will eventually raise an economic boil of monumental proportions and, as South Africans will rapidly discover, lancing the boil is not without dire consequences.
Comment on any post today for a final chance to win a copy of Streams of Living Water, a devotional book that I co-authored with my father, F. Burleigh Willard.
Credit: Portrait of Ulysses S. Grant by Emanuel Gottlieb Leutze
As some of the quilts get closer to being finished, I will try to get photos. I picked out a black background and 9 different bright batiks – the quilts will be beautiful!.
Wow, didn't realise so much time had passed since my last post. Been quite busy to say the least and it doesn't seem to be slowing down!
When I think of ‘stepping outside your comfort zone’ I usually imagine exhilarating challenges such as bungee jumping, white water rafting or confronting phobias – arachnophobes having spiders put on them for example. The type of experiences that really make you ‘feel the fear’ – and the sort of things that I’ve never done. These are often seen as positive, life affirming experiences once someone has done them, but how much do they really learn from them?
So great was James' holiness of life that men strove one with another to touch the hem of his garment. When he was ninety-six years old, and had most holily governed the Church of Jerusalem for thirty years, ever most constantly preaching Christ the Son of God, he laid down his life for the faith. He was first stoned, and afterward taken up on to a pinnacle of the Temple and cast down from thence. His legs were broken by the fall, and he was well nigh dead, but he lifted up his hands towards heaven, and prayed to God for the salvation of his murderers, saying " Lord, forgive them, for they know not what they do " As he said this, one that stood by smote him grievously upon the head with a fuller's club, and he resigned his spirit to God. He testified in the seventh year of Nero, and was buried hard by the Temple, in the place where he had fallen. He wrote one of the Seven Epistles which are called Catholic.
Catch up… Today is Saturday; it is actually a fairly fun day today! Emily-Jane’s school has its annual summer fare today and we definitely attended. Kerry was attending to the bouncy castle with Claudia’s mummy attending to the bouncy slide, Emily-Jane wished to go on them both a couple of times until we had to try and distract her to try something else, like the lucky dip perhaps? No! That didn’t work, she did have a go on the dice game with Dec and win a box of chocolate fingers and Dec won himself a box of Cadburys miniature heroes (he also won a jar of pasta sauce on the tombola)
Because you fuckin' sting.
‘It’s been a while since I had a man on my arm,’ she says. I smile apologetically at the husband, but he hasn’t heard.
08/06/2010 SELL 0.01 xauusd 1203.05 08/09/2010 1200.04 +3.01
“Yep, that’s what it says.”
As you seek out specific individuals ask God to place the same anointing He has on your life on those individuals so His vision which is your vision will become their vision (Numbers 11:16-17). Ask that they will be loyal and committed and love the Lord with their whole heart. That they are clean from within the heart – because we all know that what comes out of a man is what defiles him (Matthew 15:11 & 18). That they will desire to use their gifts and talents to glorify him by being used through your organization.
So we met at Panera today because "This is the last place that people would expect to see Phyllis," she explained as she looked around the room. "And Phyllis blends in at Panera," she says while wearing a turban and big sunglasses. Did I also mention that Phyllis was carrying a pet carrier that looks like a purse and had one of her cats in it?
ROMNEY: And we know what it takes to put people back to work. He said some of those things last night — lowering corporate taxes, lowering regulations, opening up all of the above in energy, cracking down on China. He just doesn’t do any of those things, and if I’m president, I will do those things and I’ll get you back to work.
These remarks have negative implications for the NASW and other organizations of social workers. If such organizations pursue an agenda of maximizing their membership, and hence their power and resources — as one would expect a rational, survival-oriented organization to do — then they will be susceptible of corruption, to the extent that they prove willing to endorse every version of social work that marches in the door. Without developing the thought further at the moment, one can expect that there is the profession of social work, with its do-gooder orientation (whether defined in lofty or realistic terms), and then there is the NASW; the interests of the two are not the same; and granting the NASW carte blanche to speak on behalf of the profession as a whole is potentially detrimental to those whom we claim to serve.
Orange dress, The Limited. Gray long-sleeved tee, Bitten. Gray tights, Merona. Gray slouchy boots, White Mountain. Orange capiz earrings and gold-tone necklace, Xhilaration.
4. Add bok choy pieces and stir-fry another 30 seconds.
One pkg (5 yards) Rich Cream Dream String
“I was impressed with how articulate the spokespeople were and how focused they were on staying organized, being non-violent, being co-operative as people who feel they have a message to deliver,” said Sutton.
* a piece of cheesy-garlic bread wrapped in a napkin from dinner last night
I’ve tried both approaches. I am beginning to like being dead honest more then lying.
Still, I can’t imagine putting myself through the same misery again. Hence this blog.
Cheery Lynn Designs Dies - Fanciful Flourish B117
Oh he reached for her hand and he slipped her the keys
Network (THLN), HSUS, PETA, Animal Legal Defense Fund, and ASPCA.
After the rejection, he was still inside my thoughts and in front of my eyes, most mornings, at the gym, as I pedaled hard and tried hard to ignore him.
I must say, making macarons is quite a process. First, you have to "age" you egg whites at room temperature for 48 hours (although I only aged mine for a few hours). Then, you need almond meal, which I decided to make myself (I know it doesn't need to be this complicated, but I had bought a huge bag of almonds from Costco and needed to use them up!) I blanched the almonds in boiling water for 30 seconds, then rinsed them in cold water so that I could peel/pop them out of their skins.
Sometimes I think the main purpose of farming is an excuse to wear Carhartt’s and be manly.
Today, I find myself living in the southwest of France in a place I could have never dreamed of. It abounds with life — birds, animals, insects and woodlands. There are more trees than people, and many of the inhabitants of these savage lands live just outside the arena of the physical world that we are so familiar with. In spite of the typical challenges that come with life itself, wherever any of us might live, I would have to say this place is simply “exotic.”
I'm not. Fuck I'm not.
It must have resembled a ceremonial passing of the torch when Rudy Vallee introduced Crosby at his debut at the New York Paramount Theater on Nov. 6, 1931. He remained there for a record breaking three months, ending on Feb. 11, 1932. Immediately afterward he began an engagement at the Brooklyn Paramount for six weeks at five shows a day, from February 12 until March 24, 1932. He was paid the then staggering salary of $4,000 a week.
I harbor no irrational hatreds. I hate the people who deserve to be hated, and blacks are over-represented among them. This is quite different from hating every single black person. Do you see the difference? That's why I'm a race realist, and you're just a Jew-hater.
Anyway, I am now free from Lab Week responsibilities and ready to get back to my normal crafty creativity. This week I got to spend some time coloring!
It occurs to me that just like anything else the brain is a muscle, and when we spend our days discussing who's cuter, Cody or Zach and Wizards vs Angels- it's inevitable that our brains will loose their tone; and that Justin will NOT fall to dark angels forever.
In general, income features in both SPIAs and DIAs fall into two broad categories, says Baker. These categories are guarantees and liquidity features. Carriers vary in which features they offer.
This all started at the beginning of 2011 (nearly a year ago! YIKES) when co-worker of mine and I were talking and realized that we both had a passion for beading. She had mentioned that she'd heard of something called wire knitting. Something like that anyway. So, the search was on for videos or just about anything to do with that. That's when I came across M.A.I.L. Maille Artisans International League. It's a great little source of information if you are interested at all. (Incidently, this is nothing anywhere close to what we were looking for, she later found a video it's actual knitting with wire...who knew?!?)
Throw the carrots into the same very hot pan and toss them around a bit until slightly browned, about a minute or so.
Don’t think that Delany doesn’t know that. Gene Smith sure does.
THE military yesterday vowed to avenge the death of 11 soldiers, including an officer, in an ambush staged by the New People’s Army Wednesday in Ifugao.
It’s obvious King Philip bought me for my beauty. When the sun shines, my coat glows gold and my mane gleams pale as ripe flax. When the grooms comb it out properly, my tail ripples like a banner AND I can carry it just as high as any silly Persian gelding! I should have been Prince Alexander’s royal horse. We should all have stayed at home in Pella and taken part in parades, where everyone would have thrown rose petals over us and cheered, without us having to fight any bloody battles in the wilds of Asia.
It's an interesting idea -- but already, even in season 1, I'm wishing they'd take it further -- and be a little more subtle about it. I don't think that the writers here are going to leave me high and dry the way the writers of Supernatural continually do: "Oh, here's an interesting---oh, shit! oh, shit! something controversial! Padalecki's acting skills can't cope! Retreat! Retreat!" (All said in a kind of quasi-Dalek voice, of course.) At least Dead is willing to talk about things like is suicide an acceptable alternative in this world? Okay, granted that it is, what about someone unconscious in a life or death situation (non-zombie related)? Okay, that's a bit blurrier so lets make it fun: what if it's a kid? What if someone does something really bad to get medical supplies so the kid can make it?
Even when the spider is finally vanquished, its legacy lasts far too long. Gunderson and Solis are wracked by its poison, despite administration of antitoxin and healing magics. When they at last overcome the toxin’s effects, they both have the pallor of coming close to death. No one escaped the phase spider unscathed, but some clearly had it worse than others.
Shahrukh is Rizwan Khan. As a boy (played by the amazing Tanay Hemant Chheda), he grows up in Mumbai with his strong-willed mother and his resentful brother, Zakir. Rizwan is clearly different from other children; he takes everything literally, he cannot understand social cues, he doesn’t like being touched, and he perseverates (fixates on things). But he also has an amazing memory and mechanical aptitude, which his mother makes sure that he is allowed to develop, with special attention that makes his brother jealous. The family is Muslim and his mother also works hard to ensure that Rizwan does not absorb the hate of the Hindu-Muslim riots of the time. People are people, she tells him, and it is their actions that determine whether they are good or bad. If you draw stick figures of one person hitting another person, you can’t tell which person is Muslim and which person is Hindu.
flight entertainment system—contains eight compositions clocking at just under an
We finally see the doctor. She stands beside me. Not a good place considering my stomach was rumbling. We each go through medical history, register on a form and that’s it. Conclusion: I have a new doctor and I have to get a check-up and physical exam ASAP. I’ve never had a physical done before. The closest thing has been when I was 13 or so and Dr. Lee wanted to check to make sure puberty and mother nature were doing their thing. I’m nervous to get it all done, but I want it done because I want to know if there is anything wrong so it can be dealt with now rather than any later.
The fruit of the Spirit has always been, and will always be, the outcome of a life submitted to the Holy Spirit.
The Minotaur looked at her in disappointment. Danni, meanwhile, put her hand to her forehead, deep in thought as if weighing up the question.
- In Birmingham, England, it is illegal for a man and a woman to have sex on church steps after sundwon.
I have been informed that perhaps going to an International cake show was NOT an incredibly stereotypical Australian thing to do. Go figure. So today we did something a bit more Aussie normal. We went to the Oban Scotch distillery and had a tour. Really impressive little place. They make about 5000 litres every day. That scotch is then held in kegs for 14 years before bottling. Until it reaches three years, by law it can not even be called Scotch. They use bourbon kegs from America to capitalise on the keg’s taste.
So, I hit up Kenneth, and Kenneth talks to Harleston, and Harleston gets in contact with Lindy, and then Lindy proceeds to take forty minutes to text back, at which point we are all piled in Harleston’s car and headed over to Chris’s. So, we’re all chilling like villains, me with the knowledge that I need to be back to my house by ten.
"I'm glad you asked this question" Žižek said "I heard many argue with such logic. However, I believe that all resistance is against global capitalism and there's no such thing as the post-colonial case." Žižek gave the examples of Congo and Zimbabwe and said that regimes that claim to be anti-capitalist do not exist out of the global capitalist context. He referred to post-colonial studies and Homi Bhabha as 'bullshit' because he believes such frames consume us away from the real struggle; fighting the same oppressor. Žižek gave the example of post-colonial theorist Frantz Fanon and expressed his admiration for him as Fanon is an intellectual and a warrior against colonialism.
to fully embrace you
After the show, I jumped in a van and went to a party at Rory's house, and got damn well WAY-sted, ate a bunch of mushrooms, and listened to a lot of records on a stereo that has speakers hooked up to the front porch. Isn't that a good idea! Walked home at 4am in the rain tripping on mushrooms and drunk. It was probably fun, but I can barely remember.
“Sometimes, when I’m stressed out, I like to punch sharks” - Travis on Cougar Town
Some tips: I think next time i’ll omit the baking powder, I don’t know that it brought anything to the table. But i could be wrong and i’ll know after the next batch. If I do sesame again, i’ll also add in a tsp of sesame oil to enhance the sesame flavor (it is a very strong flavor so a little goes a long way). My crackers were very crumbly but that could have been because I used whole wheat pastry flour as opposed to regular flour since that’s what i had on hand.
Guinsoo: Poor guy. I hope he isn’t having a nightmare.
In the New York Times this week, there’s an op-ed piece called “The Forgotten Wages of War”. It’s written by John Tirman, who is the executive director of the Center for International Studies at M.I.T., and it deals with what is politely called “collateral damage”, as in harm that comes to people who are not, officially speaking, paid soldiers.
Cream butter and the cup of sugar; add well-beaten eggs, then milk, vanilla, flour, salt, and baking powder. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour. Roll dough, cut into trefoil shapes, and sprinkle sugar on top, if desired. Bake in a quick oven (375°) for approximately 8 to 10 minutes or until the edges begin to brown. Makes six- to seven-dozen cookies.
2) I need to figure a way to signal the guest. I can see when we have one minute left, but how do I tell them to wrap it up? Working on a series of complicated winks. Or maybe there's an industry trick someone can share with me.
Eternal joy and peace await those who grow in the grace of generosity that flows from compassionate hearts. Doctrine and Covenants 163:9
Equity Balance @ 12/31/2010: $3,290.72
that's the ticket...
'Hmm,' I said, my face blank.
As always, it's been a super-busy summer with a never ending stream of kids, puppies, tomatoes, sunburns, cicadas, 95+ degree temps, and, of course, mountains and mountains of laundry. I love summer and the perfect blend of excitement and laziness that it brings; but when I made my way to the porch this morning to drink my coffee and to watch our hummingbirds, there was a definite crispness in the air, a hint of the fall season right around the corner. It reminded me of how much I love the fall, and harvest, and bright orange pumpkins, and the sound of crunching leaves underfoot, and......schedules.
2010.08.26 Thailand Pattani 1 0 A 42-year-old civilian dies from injuries after being shot twice in the chest by Muslim militants.
I liken the college search to riding without stirrups. It isn’t easy. There are a lot of colleges and universities and majors and locations and student organizations to choose from and you feel like your mind is being pulled in a hundred different directions when you’re starting out – much like your leg can tend to flop around looking for that perfect position when your stirrups are first taken away. What’s more, school web sites can be hard to navigate and you will find all kinds of contradictory opinions about your potential colleges online that leaves your brain reeling. (It’s just like how nearly every riding instructor seems to have a different approach to riding without stirrups.)
What is that line from the Black Eyed Peas' song?
Said, “Boy, now get your claws right off me
- Not able to relate closely and lovingly to mother/father in-laws
We played two games, each winning one.
I sympathize with the competitors who ran great times on Monday. But I’ve also watched some 40 plus years worth of sprint and hurdle races where records were lost to minute puffs of wind. I’ve watched athletes have entire performances taken away because they stepped on a line one time too many. And records nullified because a track was measured centimeters too short or wind gauges prove to be faulty, or jump or vault standards moved slightly after the jump. Performances don’t always fall within the scope of the rules – that’s part of the sport. The sad thing is that these performances were outside the scope of the rules before the gun went off, and everyone knew it. So to now cry “change the rules”, or simply “allow these performances” is a cry too little too late.
Aroma: The first impression is a clean clear combination of sweet malt and hops. A second impression brings more of the malts out. A third lingering impression introduces a bit of the hops but still maintains a rich malty aroma.
7.Bernie Ecclestone (1930-) - grasped the opportunity when he saw it. From selling cars to F1 supremo. The window of opportunity is presented to so many of us but how many grab it when it appears? It often only lasts for a short time. His vision and leadership is an inspiration to us all.
Connery is very good in NEVER as an old letch struggling to stay cool and relevant, and there’s something charmingly pathetic about his attempts to bed every woman he comes across. He’s like your creepy uncle hitting on your high school girlfriend.
Jeremy Lees, and his family partners in Flounder Brewing, wouldn't have it any other way. Their mantra is "Experience Your Beer. "Everything tells a story," says Jeremy, whose posterized image is the face of the company's logo. "That's what everything in here is trying to show, just remembering those events. I know a lot of what I was drinking when I was doing something cool."
Whilst this may suit some - and all power to the guys running it - I think I'm developing my simple idea of what makes a good pub. It's so simple, yet seemingly hard to find:
They probably didn't like that he had asked them for money to start a sales call center out of his apartment; to start-up a vending and snacks company (based on the "honor system"); to get his real estate license; to pay the IRS all the money he owed them; to buy himself a Ford escort to replace the giant brown Chrysler he had also been gifted from his grandmother.
Tucked away in the first chapter of the book of Proverbs is a simple verse that explains so much.
I can't even begin to explain how it makes you feel to see all of this. I am just deeply honored and grateful to these people for all they are doing. It is pure love of country and humanity that motivates these people, and their optimism is contagious. Something special is happening here.
He finally started up soccer last Sunday and had a great time. It's his first time playing soccer so he's still learning some of the basics of the game. But he kept up with the other kids pretty well and I think it's going to be a good sport for him.
No matter what you are going through right now, I have one simple question. Do you trust God wholeheartedly? What is that trust based on? Is it part-time trust? Is it based on a full bank account, or a guaranteed job? Is it based on our love ones living forever? Is it based on if we inherit a large sum of money? Is it based on Him healing us or our love ones? Is it based on you having the man or woman of your dreams? I got news if you answered yes to any of these questions then your love for God is based on conditions and His love for you is not based on these things.
I see the two of us,
We hope to see lots of our regular Mag shoppers, plus
linked your project and not just your blog using the Blue Froggy before 8 pm UK time next Thursday, January 26th!
legacies created in one dance,
The chief means through which Eric does this are his careful wordsmithing and his glorious voice. In his excellent play-by-play review of Birds, S. D. Smith calls Eric a “songbird” – and ne’er a more spot-on word was spoken. Often with singer-songwriters, the deal is that we live with the singing for the sake of the songwriting. Not so with Eric. His voice – he’s a tenor with a nice falsetto, blessed with a good range and a pleasing timbre throughout – is cultivated, in the best sense. That is, you can tell Eric works on his voice, but in no sense is it manufactured; it has neither the pretentiousness of some operatic tenors nor the affectations of many pop singers. And his voice recorded is more than a pleasing palette of sounds. From its clarity and presence, I’d guess (I’ve not had the pleasure of meeting him) that Eric’s voice is simply the man himself, exhaling – and transfigured in the exhaling. It’s a broad-ranged instrument that captures wonderfully the nuances of image and mood in his lyrics – pensi
1 egg yolk (yes, an egg yolk)
If you don’t have primroses in your garden, don’t wait. This is the time of year for the best selection!
This absolutely wonderful book arrived in the mail today (no it is not part of my give away!).
When we got here, we listened to our friends and family and tried to put Princess Belle in Public school. There are not that many children around here, it is a much smaller school and they seemed willing to work with us to make it easier for her. But truthfully it has been a disaster of monstrous proportions. It has broken my heart to see just how hard it has been for her. Every day, she is getting notes about how "defiant and disruptive" she has been. On two separate occasions, she has ended up under furniture, crying and screaming hysterically, trying to hide and wanting to be left alone. I knew this was NOT normal behavior for any 8 year old child. And I knew that she had to be under extreme stress to be acting this way. We have decided to try to get her through the remainder of the year but we will be returning to homeschooling starting in September. We finally got our ADOS test which tests where children are on the Autism Spectrum Scale. An average child would get a score of about 0 or 1 and a child with an extreme case of Autis
Why it’s trouble: I have witnessed more fights between mothers over competing child raising ideologies than I proud to admit. Most diehard adherents have convinced themselves that the other side has embarked on a course of child-abuse, and must be set right at the first, and every subsequent opportunity. This would include saving an unsuspecting Mother-to-be from the terrible curse that your evil proselytizing tome will bring. And when the fight starts, all the other guests will probably be more interested in keeping the peace then defending your free speech. Leave these sore points on the shelf.
From the deepest parts of our hearts
Mix the butter and sugar and then using electric mixer, mix them till creamy, add vanilla and egg mixture bit by bit and mix well,
Personally, I’m not a fan of blues, Eric Clapton or any of that kind of stuff. However; what’s so great about Alabama Shakes is how they breathe a whole ton of fresh air into this somewhat tired genre, that makes it seem far less overbearing and niche. Yet it’s not sugary pop (don’t expect Gotye). If anything it feels more soul inspired and the whole thing conjures up a world of sepia. That can’t be a bad thing.
Occasionally, but not many.
I may have mentioned that above. ;)
And then there are times like now where you find you are running more hospice than hospital. And then you are faced with questions from your loving partner about What Next To Do. Questions of unnecessary suffering. Questions of the sustainability of care given. Questions of who will take the post as chicken-nurse once we leave (as these sicklies are the farm's chickens and not our own). All this questioning while gently skirting the god complex I had created around the chickens. Now it was Up To Me; whether they live or die. And if they were to die; whether that be gradual through deliberate neglect or sudden through execution. At first I thought I had a choice between the former but I realized with a cold heart it was a choice between the latter. Death this way or that.
2010
1 gone
When we asked her to what extent the Celtic traditions were eradicated she drew upon modern New World history by reminding us of what the Spanish Conquistadors accomplished in Central American. In the New World all pre Columbus traditions, places of worship and ancient writing were destroyed. All traces of the Inca and Mayan cultures were purged and lost forever.
The Russians, however, have decided to lay their cards on the table. Their Defense Minister and the Chief of their General Staff went public with a rather bald threat: Build these installations, and at the first sign of a crisis between Russia and the West, they'll take those installations the fuck out. Which means bombing Poland, which will piss off the Poles (although they should be used to the idea).
All my life I have tried to pluck a thistle and plant a flower wherever the flower would grow in thought and mind.
Mitchell never bullied me again and I didn’t worry about him anymore. He was in the past. Now I had to deal with the question of did my fighting back punching him stop him from bullying me? If so, how many more fights was I going to have to have? Unfortunately a lot more was the answer. It’s not fair that fighting back seems to be the answer for boys. I never wanted to throw the punch and I didn’t want it to lead to now me having to fight.
25 pause 0:51
When medicine rules or obliterates midwifery, it becomes difficult for women to understand the power that midwifery could have if it were once again a profession whose power equaled that of the obstetric profession.
My ears are swollen
The men’s lawyers have told Amnesty International that both are suffering from serious health problems caused or exacerbated by their years of solitary confinement.
Second, the pub table. It is too big and high for this room and now that Ruby climbs, it is downright scary! We've taken the leaf out which has helped with the space and makes dinners feel more cozy - in a good way. Plans for a table are in the works (I considered doing a banquette here but I don't think we'll go that route) and I've got some cools chairs to refinish for the room.
He was assigned for the first 3 years to the Southernmost part of England in Berkshire, Hampshire and Kent.
The chicken dishes, to my mind worked much better with the lighter, fresher and fruitier wines. This was also broadly true of the Murgh Malai Tikka and Lamb Sheek Kebab, the softer wines gave a nice clean, fruity background that tasted good with those dishes, while the more complex wines jarred somewhat.
Mary had always loved the way the lilacs blossomed in the Spring. The scent filled her room when she left the windows open at night and gave her such nice dreams. That fake, lotiony smell wasn't the same. It never lifted her out of the dumpy trailer and into a fairy castle like the real thing did.
Homeschooling ( home education or home based learning) is a legal option for parents in many countries, who mention various reasons to homeschool their children. The three most popular chosen by the majority of homeschooling parents in the United States are: concern about the traditional school environment, to provide religious or moral instruction, and dissatisfaction with academic instruction at traditional public and private schools.
Either way… Before I show ya the presents, a few short words need to be said aswell…
Me: OK, they were drawbridges
This is the first time since I started to get really seriously about my weight loss at the beginning of the year that the scale as been up on weigh in day. A few times it was the same as the previous week but never has it been higher. I feel oddly calm about this. I am little bit annoyed, and slightly frustrated but over all, I don’t care. Ok, those are the wrong words…I do care. I’m just not upset about a little bit of weight gain this week.
As well as setting the diary and Koichi’s trip into historical context, Stephen was also keen to find out what happened to Koichi after he returned to Japan and this is now included in the diary.
I don't know how well Avalon Hill's version of Runequest ever sold, but their covers of Adventurers doing the traveling bit of the quest sold me hook, line and sinker. Forget the monsters on the shields. The dragon snarling from its pile of gold and booty? Been there, done that; got the +2 bastard sword and mithril-scaled tee-shirt. Forget the Otis scenes of combats full of devastating magic and horrific monster body parts, like tongues and talons. Nope I like the well groomed Saxon-armored female atop a horse, with a donkey tied to it, looking out onto some salt plains with mountains looming in the distance. At that point, my own personal brand of T&T would become about the tasks involved in getting from point A to point B, maybe some would say the torture of it, as well the trials and treasure at the heart of it.
In beauty may I walk
sat together
The mother has a right to her feelings of loss, betrayal, anger, hurt, and anything else she feels. Like me, the mother, might not realize the price that was paid for her child. That brings upon a new level of guilt into the mix. It feels like I sold my child, even though I did not. Her feelings do not negate the adopters or the adoptee. They might all be the same story but each person has different views.
We had a happy one here!
The first part of our semester, we were in the "Feathers" unit. It had a focus on BIRDS! Did you try the "bird chorus" at home during a fussy time for baby? Isn't it amazing how those rhythmic little songs really calm our little ones? It is like baby hypnotism, I tell you!
In fact, probably to a preposterous degree.
Husbands
Madison Avenue Park, Murrieta
How do you defend a city surrounded by enemies and riddled with traitors, when your allies can by no means be trusted, and your predecessor vanished without trace? It's enough to make a torturer want to run – if he could even walk without a stick – and Inquisitor Glokta needs to find answers before the Gurkish army comes knocking at the gates.
This may come as a shock, but I am not often associated with two genres of music....rap and opera. I know, I know it's surprising but given my general whiteness, my punk rock background and my gangly tall stature, people just don't usually see my inner bling. Or my inner high C.
I of course took no pleasure in this, simply smiling at the fact that I was now teaching my brother a few things about the world.
It was Tuesday or Wednesday that I realized he had triggered a PTSD (post traumatic stress disorder) episode in me.
I saw Jimmy Carter completely redefine the words “ineffective”, and later on “meddlesome”.
wrapped her arms around him nails gliding down his back her other
We had a nice quiet Thanksgiving this year. We don't have space for left overs, nevermind counter space to actually make food - with two squares of counter one for the microwave and one for drying dishes, who's idea was that anyway?!
And think, this heart, all evil shed away,
What would you say behind the Open Mic?
It will be easier when I've completed breastfeeding. It will be easier when Jonah naps predictably. It will be easier when I have energy to make it past 8:00 on a school night. It will be easier when...
To Kendra, Lila and Mitzi, the doors all looked the same at the entrance to the hallway, until they passed each one and saw the various, schedules, notices, magazine articles and bumper stickers that were posted on them. They were all of a distinctively progressive bent, which comforted them.
HP) Affects directly on me and my work, I eat bad and good things of live in a capital city but at the end of the day depends on you having the ability to process that info and survive another day.
Well the rain has returned and I was trying to think of something to do with Miss F. I wanted to do something a little different from painting etc. Making play dough was the perfect thing to do, as not only was it fun to work with but we got to make it together as well. Sadly we don’t have any essential oils at home but I will be buying some asap. Can you imagine playing with play dough that smells of sweet orange? Bliss.
A dress from ‘There’s No Business Like Showbusiness‘ in the scene where she manipulates the male lead in to letting her perform her ‘Heatwave’ song number. This is not a well known dress but we thought it was lovely and would translate really well in to rubber and hope you agree with us. It is cut high on the front neck with a back to front collar opening on to a very low cut back. A strap connects the front and back arm holes and has a cute bow on it. The original dress had button closures on the back but I decided to go for zip closure instead. We sometimes use button closures in our latex designs but only if the design really gains from it. Zip closures on latex are much easier to get in and out of.
Waiting for her to walk beside me again and hold my hand.
Now, let’s talk physics because we now can reveal some things, beautiful things, that are starting to occur in science and are starting to be seen and partially understood. What you have before you, the gentleman sitting on the floor, is Yawee. I know him well.
me: Sigh…
05 White Summer-Black Mountain Side
During each of the twelve days of Christmas, the 1709 Blog is bringing readers some information concerning an author, composer, artist or creator who died in 1941 and whose works fall into the public domain in 2012 in countries which operate a "life plus 70 years" copyright term. This series starts with the brilliantly gifted Irish author James Joyce.
The curtain-less windows let all of the light in, an admirable attempt in the winter, and flood this spectacular space with natural beauty. The light wood floors provide a beautiful, warm quality to contrast the coolness of the dominant whiteness.
Here’s the thing. Alot of us are really good at being sober when it comes to pornography. The problem with sobriety is, we are judging our current progress by our past. We live on constant alert, afraid of whatever it is we are looking for, and then, when it gets us (because it will if we stand there waiting for it long enough), we fall back in, hook line and sinker. Then we start saying, “Well, it’s only been two days, what the heck, I’ll just start again next week. Maybe I will wait until Valentine’s Day to start, or Easter.”
Designers and dressmakers strive to create dresses that push the current styles and offer unique choices. The sad thing is that you can't find these great dresses in most stores. The stores around you will carry only the most popular items in hopes of a sale, but that doesn't help you find something that no one else will be wearing. You will also only find the most popular sizes, which means they could sell out of your size quickly or may not even carry it at all. Sherri Hill dresses and other similar dressmakers could change the way you shop for dresses, though.
"Oh, wait. No, that's not right. I was pregnant all last summer.** So it would have been the summer before that."
I fell in love with well-told history when I read a history of medicine in my early teens, introducing me to a roster of heroes, from Hippocrates, Galen and Harvey to Jenner and Semmelweiss.
“Good question Mr. Canoga. Something to Live For is her favorite song. The way Billy Strayhorn played it on the piano. I’ve seen her pour herself a glass of wine, put on that Strayhorn record, sink into a soft chair and cry hard.”
Crist lays out Wertham's impressive credentials and case histories involving juvenile crime and the reading of comic books, conceding a distinction that while every child who read comic books didn't go on to perform violent acts, all juveniles who "do" perform violent acts read comic books. If comic book reading was causing a population increase in juvenile crime, then my big question to the society of the 1940's is where were the parents?
~Melissa
Some experts oppose an attack because they claim that even a successful strike would, at best, delay Iran’s nuclear program for only a short time. But their analysis is faulty. Today, almost any industrialized country can produce a nuclear weapon in four to five years — hence any successful strike would achieve a delay of only a few years. What matters more is the campaign after the attack. When we were briefed before the Osirak raid, we were told that a successful mission would delay the Iraqi nuclear program for only three to five years. But history told a different story.
AB
1 diced Chipotle + 1 Tbs. adobo sauce
The officers said that they would indeed receive food, but that they just had to keep moving along in the line. Others then asked “When will we be able to eat?” But that question wasn’t really answered. The only thing they would say is: “When you’re further down the line.”
Thanks to one dear friend of mine and his stories, of course, I have more than enough material that needs to be illustrated and brought in pictures.
And, well…here’s where the falling down happened, yes? This is five skeins altogether of Primo Fingering–one of Well Preserved and four of Jazz Age–from The Plucky Knitter, which I’m eventually going to use to make a Rosabell cardigan. It was the Well Preserved that did it. I could not help but fall for that incredibly iridescent colorway. I really love this.
This is not one of those times.
by Chris Ware, 2007-2008
“What this power is, I cannot say. All I know is that it exists …and it becomes available only when you are in that state of mind in which you know exactly what you want …and are fully determined not to quit until you get it.”
* the opportunity to live in a country where, as a woman, I am respected and my rights are equivalent to that of any man
I’m currently reading “The Perks of Being A Wallflower” and the main character read this poem.
The trick on the new house is that it will be half the size of our current home. That means yours truly has to get rid of a lot of stuff. It will force me to examine my various collections and say goodbye to some things. We have adopted the philosophy of keep the best and get rid of the rest. This week we made our first steps in this regard utilizing Craigslist to get rid of our large theater seats and a huge treadmill. We have one more large item to get rid of and that may be difficult as it is a large screen TV. No space for something like that and no one wants one. I even wonder if I need a TV, oh yeah Fringe, okay maybe I do need one.
12.) Top with approx ¼ cup of chicken pot pie mix
Anyways, I had to go BACK out this evening to find just a few more things that were out at other stores ( big surprise...hello, the day before school) and by the time I'd left the second store after 9:30PM, I realize that I hadn't eaten dinner. I'm walking through the parking lot, and low and behold
Another of the sloshing organs detaches itself from her body, and another, until all but one have wrenched themselves free from her bleeding, puckered skin. She nearly slips into unconsciousness, but the last organ, placed directly under her bosom, suddenly squeezes itself tight. Her eyes bulge horrifically as she feels the strange fluid being injected into her body, first cold and then hot. She starts to spasm violently as the liquid makes its way through her bloodstream, her veins bulging under her skin.
Local officials in the worst-affected towns of Teresopolis and Nova Friburgo said the number of missing was at least 300. Many of them are believed buried under the avalanches of mud and debris from flash floods that destroyed hundreds of homes.
the road with him along with a super long extension cord so he is ready
I did mention I am not good at keeping this up. I think about it occasionally I even write some amazing posts in my head, but in reality it isn't happening. So here goes another try.... I am attempting yet again to be a blogger! No it's not a New Year's resolution I am doing if so I probably would not have made it this far. It's just me trying to be a better me. So here it is again....
The better approach, Uchitelle suggested, is to use several measures of deprivation. What would those measures be? While mentioning crime, his essay remained focused on the economic aspect — on the ability to afford “food, clothing, shelter, utilities, and a little bit more.”
The Mommies Network can help your business reach moms across the nation or in your community. We are a nonprofit organization whose mission is to provide a safe, secure, free place for mothers to find support and encouragement from other mothers and to empower them to be better women, parents, and community leaders. Through our online forums, our chapters connect local mothers, enabling them to ask questions, seek support, offer encouragement, find volunteer opportunities, and grow as leaders as they volunteer their time with our site. Our organization provides a valuable service to a portion of the population that is nearly always overlooked, overworked, and taken for granted: moms!
Math is one of my favorite subjects to teach, and for years I've preached the importance of making sure that ALL students learn their times tables. A few years ago, I wrote Mastering Math Facts, a system for motivating students and teaching them their math facts quickly and easily. It's been so gratifying to hear from teachers what a difference this program has made in their classrooms!
Cardstock: Stampin' UP!
Vashti: It was difficult at first, but it kept getting easier as I learned how to prioritize.
Spending an hour on patrol with a parking inspector is probably not everyone’s idea of a good time, but sometimes walking a mile in someone’s shoes helps provide perspective.
2 teaspoons matcha powder
Well, clearly someone who donates to this sale every year really likes Elizabeth Berg because I think I get at least one of her books every year. Someone else also clearly likes trashy chic lit too because I almost always get one of those in the mix. But I can't complain because this year I also got a few real winners. And Kathleen and I haven't even switched books yet!
potato fries
right away select and treated easily, it is critical to prevent traditional treatment is not absolutely essential cause of toxicity. Only people who have lice should be treated technically, but its a great idea to look at your all family for lice. You can in addition see them when you rinse the comb in a sink with water. It works the same way by dividing the whole area of the hair into one inch sections and dropping them one by one.
To get your free bracelet and discount credits:
Due to the fact that 5 plus a frequent budget.
filled with stuff only room for the driver I think
As the sun shines and the snow continues to melt in the San Juan Mountains this month, the Animas River comes hurtling down out of its headwaters to mark another spring runoff season. It passes through Silverton and Durango, flows across the Southern Ute reservation, crosses the border to New Mexico, and meanders past Aztec before finally joining up with the San Juan River in Farmington. Unfortunately for downstream residents, however, the waters of the Animas pick up a good deal of pollutants along this journey.
Catwalk shows will take place outside House of Fraser throughout Saturday and Sunday, with a dedicated children’s fashion show on Saturday afternoon, and all shows are completely free. Brands who have previously sent their high street collections down the catwalk include Monsoon, Mango and Ted Baker, above, and this season the likes of Warehouse, French Connection and New Look will be joining them. For details and show times, click here.
a love and compassion
“They've got nothing to lose but people start mobilising against them and printing off leaflets.”
I ended up putting strawberries into some of them. Into others, I added some chocolate chips with the strawberries. Then, I remembered that I had some blueberries and lemons, so I threw that into some of the muffins as well. While they were all delicious, I think the blueberry lemon ones were my absolute faves. There's just something about having a juicy berry explode in your mouth with every bite. At some point, I had considered glazing the muffins maybe with a lemon-powdered sugar glaze. But, upon eating them, I realized the muffins don't need it at all. They're totally yummy without it.
-Look for Amazon coupons that you can clip for greater savings.
Dress: Jesus Diamante
This guy just below, Godzilla walking down a city street, eating somebody and stomping on a car? It is my personal winner: I have made a lot of possibilities in the last 2 months, but this one is the one I like most to submit to a fine art show and competition in Cooperstown today. I am headed there after I walk the pup, have the toast and finish a bunch of cat mugs and bowls....anyway, I LOVE this piece, I am proud of it, it hangs on the wall or sits on a table, and it is being submitted to the sculpture category (no pots allowed!). I hope that it gets accepted, then, heck, maybe even wins a prize like at the state fair! Hope springs eternal...
- No historical stuff? Mmm… I don´t know. I´m kind of burned. I have been painting Napoleonics and some Ancients stuff for a while now, so I´ll just wait for the perfect moment before starting any of those DBA armies I recently bought in plastic.
Ps 35:9 And my soul shall be joyful in the Lord: it shall rejoice in His salvation.
Now, I don’t have children, but my friends who do, speak of “pregnancy amnesia,” the phenomenon in which a mother forgets all the pain and anguish that accompanied her pregnancy so she is willing to go through the process again. I would say that the writer’s journey to publication is a bit like this, because no writer would willingly put themselves through all the torment and pain of rejection if it weren’t for some form of temporary amnesia.
Sound like something you'd like to do? Then come back and next time we will talk about the importance of knowing the right colors for you.
While I was in the district of Wazi Zadran over in Afghanistan, I met a women who had come to the local American/Afghan military base. She had escort, but came on her own initiative, which is pretty unheard of for a woman. But her situation was desperate.
But I do need a lot more practice at this video caper. Like holding things up properly and for a little longer so you get a better view of the sample piece. And remembering to take my bracelet off so it doesn’t clang and bang on the table, and not to sniff (it’s hay fever season here at the moment……sorry). And possibly getting the camera operator……yes, you Carmen…… to ask some insightful and pertinent questions about the product.
Meanwhile, I'm using my low-tech time away from the computer to work on a scrapbook project (first in 4 years, SQUEE!! I didn't know how much I missed it til I started planning this little project. AH!) and catch up on DVR'ed stuff... As well as some much-needed housekeeping and home projects.
Now, Beth mentioned our party... we are closing in on our POWER HOUR RELEASE PARTY! It's a blast! Join us for fun and freebies TONIGHT at 9 PM Central in our Member Company Forum on SCS. We chat, share samples and you have an opportunity to win FREE stamps! And then, the stamps will be in the Flourishes store right after the party wraps - FUN!
Today is May the Fourth, which is Star Wars day. It's also the day the Catholic Church has opted to celebrate the life of a man whose name was Florianus, which as far as I can decipher, means "flowery butt".
TASSET-TISSEAU A, PLUN-FAVREAU J, TURAN E, STA-ANA J, BRAHAM-SYGITOWICZ N. Influenza corporate vaccination programs: an international modelling approach. International Congress Series 2004; 1263: 600-604.
i am not undermining anyone’s hopes and dreams. we are all different, and that is what i treasure, but the point i think i miss.
Why Do People Use the Internet to Buy Watches?
I am currently dancing between the good ol’ days and the rebirth days.
My parents insisted that if I wasn't going to University to study, that I should be working as soon as possible---and they instilled into me that if I could.t find the job that I really wanted, I should take a job to earn my way and get some experience---seemed fair to me so I applied for seven jobs--none of them in my chosen field but all not far from home.
Back to Texas; our appetite was not confined to the ranch. We stayed two nights in town, and ate dinner both times at the Silver K Cafe which boasted "rustic elegance" and "hill country cuisine". We weren't disappointed on either count. Their "supper" menu included honey pecan fried chicken, and smoked blackberry pork chops. My husband is still talking about the homemade cinnamon ice cream.
For instance, in the Hunger Games we are introduced to Katniss and we get a glimpse of the hell that is her life and the burden she has of feeding her family. We feel for her because she lives in a post-apocalyptic nightmare where life is lived on the brink of starvation. Nothing terribly earth-shattering happens, but we care about this girl. So, when Katniss is chosen to participate in The Hunger Games–a brutal gladiator game held by the privileged Capitol–we want her to win, because that means a life of food, shelter and relative safety.
I’m definitely past the point of thinking of my primary, immediate family as myself and my sister/parents. Now it has shifted to what is best for me, my wife, and our children. It is better for us to live here. Laws protect us here as lesbian women, as home educators, etc. Our lifestyle here matches what we want – to move to Country A would require massive rejigging of how we conceive of our family as working.
Ansouis is very pretty town and there’s a charming place just down the street from the Mairie called La Closerie. Excellent food and very good value for money. 04-90-09-90-54.
The ads have a bold look as well, with “It’s time for Skype,” featured below the slogan:
The characters came first, the mad king and his neglected daughter. The image of the king dangling from his scaffolding about to put the last card in place on his enormous card castle just popped into my head one day.
What does Sunkyeol sound like?
Fish sales must skyrocket during the Lenten season since people don't eat meat on Fridays. I love fish anytime and these Asian Salmon Burgers are a quick and budget friendly because I used canned salmon. I try to only buy wild salmon because farm raised salmon does not have the same health benefits from what I have read. I accented these salmon burgers with sesame seeds and topped it off with a spicy tartar sauce. Everyone in my family (including the picky eaters) loved the salmon burgers. I can't wait to make these burgers again next week. :)
Feeling really happy, I decided to do the head (toilet). It’s new. I had poured water and vinegar down it a while back to clean and test it out and it leaked at the output. I undid the outlet tube and found a bunch of salt(?) chippings and a broken elbow! You can’t believe how happy I am to have found this before actually “using” this thing. Whoever installed it deserves to find a “dump” on his front door step!
I went into my workroom with Jesus, Curly and the Lone Ranger and together we diagnosed what was wrong with the person. I would use my hands, like a human X-ray machine to scan the person while my eyes were closed. I “saw” what was wrong and announced it. “He has a growth on his brain.”
(makes 12 small muffins)
Here’s the deal:
Enlarge the thumbnails for a larger image.
59. From Here to Eternity: James Jones
So yes, lots of stuff happning. And if you are in town catch me downtown this weekend selling my work at the Portland Saturday Market. Come say hi, hang out and collect some art.
The main issue I have with gaming desktops is maneuverability and weight. Moving the desktop even to another room in your house is a pain, especially if you have a full-size case like I do. The computer easily clocks in at over 60-70 pounds, and it's frustrating if you have to move somewhere and you have to sacrifice space for it. Sure, gaming desktops for the same amount of money you pay for a gaming laptop will have more power, but do you really need it? Unless you're running a ridiculous tri-monitor Eyefinity setup with 2560x1600 resolutions, you don't need that ridiculous amount of power. Even Battlefield 3 was able to run on high-end midrange cards quite well, and the game, as most of you gamers know, is beautiful.
4) The Soundtrack That Brought Sexy Back - Just how Scorsese's pop and rock infused Goodfellas soundtrack (see - another connection!) led us through the rise and fall of Henry Hill, Anderson's Boogie Nights soundtrack takes us from the beginnings of Dirk Diggler's meteoric rise during the golden age of porn to his darkest days in the 1980's age of excess. From Jethro Tull and Three Dog Night to Hot Chocolate and K.C. and the Sunshine Band this is a soundtrack for the ages. Well at least for the ages of my lifetime. From God Only Knows by The Beach Boys to Rick Springfield's Jessie's Girl, from Best of My Love by the Emotions to Ain't No Stoppin' Us Now by McFadden & Whitehead to Andrew Gold's Lonely Boy (left off the official soundtrack), we grow with the characters from one decade to the next. Of course the two best and most important numbers from the film, not only in the songs themselves but their connection with other parts of the film, are Melanie's Brand New Key (incidentally my current ringtone) and Sister Christian by Night R
Author: Emleigh Walsh
On the remote dusty plains of windswept North Texas, late in the year of our Lord 2011, there lived two tribes of Idiots.
I am loving our weather.
The work is never really finished, there are always more things to do or add…but the result of this tweaking process is always better and more beautiful…more meaningful.
So how has it gotten to this point?
Fiskars - edge cutter
We've been constantly reminded that the Koran justifies Muslims lying with impunity to non-believers so long as it's done to further the cause of Islam. How is that any different from the belief system of left-wingers?
Today, I come in, the bookcases are now missing. But the kicker? The whiteboard in my office.
A typical twelve-year old child needs ten hours of sleep, whereas an adult will need about eight hours. Therefore most students at school, college or university will fall somewhere between these two figures. However, during their teenage years, they will often experience a shift forward in their sleeping patterns, meaning they can find it harder to fall asleep until after 11 p.m. or even later. This means that it can be hard for a student to achieve enough sleep if they have to be up early the next day.
4. Then pull sides snug in and safety pin. Work your way to the back (or zipper).
In 1995, my friend David Horton, an Englishman who lived in Australia, worked in a bank, loved Indian food (well, he is an Englishman!!) started a restaurant in a place called Noosa in Queensland (he was more passionate about food than money).
We did a little walking around downtown Asheville. Ate at the Early Girl restaurant (if you go to Asheville, you need to go here). Did a little shopping. Not too much because the weather was biting cold.
The small perks are important, they make every day working more enjoyable, but it seems to me that the most effective way to retain talent is to allow your people to make their own decisions. This trust you show in them will pay dividends. That’s no reason to get rid of the free cake though…
But we have it now, and we're making...er....good use of it. First thing? The girls took photos of each other with it, recorded each other and, of course, I found a few apps for them to play with during these long car days. (Why not? They sure earned some fun with all the patience they've shown these long days.)
You’re not broken anymore, you’re not captive anymore
I saw many interesting comments and thoughts on this website i would love to make some comments on. Firstly, just like most members of the Nigerian youth community, my greatest desire is to see a change in Nigeria. It would be crucial to state from the start that i believe very strongly that the problems faced by Nigeria, have nothing to do with the wicked and corrupt government in Nigeria or the Nigerians that sit around always wishing something happens, but have their totality and roots founded upon the activities in the spiritual realm. Although those factors influence what’s happening, i believe we need to get to the root of the problem. Nigeria is not different from other countries in the world also facing various problems so there’s nothing surprising to me about Her present predicaments. The basis of my belief is from scripture that clearly says that we wrestle not against flesh and blood but principalities and powers, and rulers of the darkness OF THIS WORLD.
Four + Brewing Co Salt Lake City Wildfire Organic Extra Pale Ale
I originally intended to follow these two photographs with the full images they were cropped from so that you would see the wider picture. But I don't think I will. Let us leave everything else to the imagination. Shoes are so often an afterthought; an appendage of little consequence. Let this be their day in the spotlight, their brief moment of fame, their walk in the sun.
However, when the plea of the accused was taken in the court, he pleaded not guilty to the two-count charges brought against him.
Love the fact there are various shamrock sizes and matching dies to this Verve set! Julee is the bestest :)
Later this semester, Fischer plans to move the journal online for a fall issue that includes the visual arts like art, music and video as well. The spring issue will continue to run in its print format.
One of my favorite fall pieces - wheat tied together with a pretty ribbon and stuck into a chocolate colored urn filled with coffee beans. A pinwheel has also been neatly tucked into the ribbon for an extra-special touch of fun.
A depiction of an arrested person holding a large quantity of U.S. currency. Photo: Shutterstock.com, all rights reserved.
Look for groups in your community that focus on helping or educating women about finances or retirement planning. Go to the library and research financial/retirement planning. You have to start somewhere and education is the best first step.
Also dropped from the meeting was a draft meeting summary by the chair. Developing countries said they objected to the summary on the grounds that it is not legally binding and could be used to circumvent WIPO procedure requiring a report agreed to by all participants. That report is due to WIPO's General Assembly at the end of July.
LoadedWordPress is designed with social media marketing, internet marketing, blogging, search engine optimization and wordpress in mind. It offers a quick and easy setup wizard which will walk you through all the important elements of you new site. Choose from their pre-defined layouts, pre-configured themes. Plus pre-configured "Widgets" that includes content blocks, images, social network icons/links, recent posts, popular pages, photo gallery, RSS feed content, twitter/facebook feed, tag cloud, contact form, newsletter, additional menus, polls, links, or anything else you may want on your website.
This is my first ever Frock on Friday post. Though I have, in the spirit of the challenge, been making more effort to wear a dress on Fridays, I've never had the time to take a photo or blog about it until today. After the coldest, wettest summer in twenty years the UK has been enjoying unseasonably warm weather this week and I've actually worn a dress every day of this week to take advantage of the last days of a surprise Indian summer.
recently on a sunny Sunday afternoon our Portland Wuwo Tea Ceremony group was able to enjoy tea outdoors.
Tonight we are going to my SIL, Sharon's. It's her birthday :)
We have also set a day to get started on the fun DIY stuff, which is the first weekend in April, so stay tuned for the REALLY fun posts coming up in the near future!
I love your comments and would also love to have you follow me. Have a great weekend.
It’s something we all do today, but we tend to think of publishing in the traditional sense of newspapers and books. So with that in mind, lets explore the world of online/offline publishing from the social perspective we’re engaging in today.
Those of you who know me personally know that I dubiously started a exercise program recently on the recommendation of a friend. She knew what she was talking about. I am now officially hooked. That said, I am continually frustrated by my lack of strength, agility, endurance, etc. Last night's workout called for the building of certain new skills that I found particularly challenging. After it was over, I forced myself to work for a few minutes on a different skill which I also am struggling to develop: a box jump of a certain height.
Abraham Foxman, the ADL's national director, said the ADC's claims are "absolutely untrue."
So how do I feel about season 2?
Choice Publishing also offer additional services, including typesetting, book cover design and they provide a list of recommended editors and proofreaders.
Believe it or not, this is post 200. I can hardly believe it. I have run out of interesting things I can share about myself, so for half price you get 100 of the things I have learned, confirmed, or deemed a totally certifiable truthitude in the past year. Enjoy.
I'm not going to buy thing because I might be able to make something from it because I never do. I'm not going to buy another tea set just because I like the idea of one day have a tea shop. I'm not going to buy another plate because I like it so much I want to lick it. I'm not going to buy another posy because they are my new craze.
Name a band/artist that has been around as long as Sparks that has not sold their soul, stopped evolving, gone through the motions, repeated a winning formula, taken themselves far too seriously, or released at least one crap album?
Seeing the continued success of Pokémon and Magic: The Gathering, toy giant Hasbro bought Wizards of the Coast in September 1999, for about US$325 million.
Combine water, milk, butter in a large bowl and microwave until melted. Stir and set aside to cool to room temperature. If you crack in the egg right away, you'll end up with scrambled eggs. To help the mixture cool, I stirred in the corn syrup first, and at this point it was cool enough for the egg. The cold egg will cool it down further so that it is at a good temperature to activate the yeast. You want the liquid to be at around 110 degrees, so put your finger in and if the mixture feels warm, it's at a good temperature.
I’m feeling a little down. I lost my keys at Changi airport one hour before my flight, so for the past week I’ve had to either pray that someone is home or break into my own house. I’ve never climbed a tree or scaled a building before, but I think my past experience with rock climbing came in handy. We have a balcony and second story bathroom window that’s almost always open…
He asks me and i quote, “Whats the issue babe? Youknow you look absolutely amazing! Why dont you wear that black dress? You would look smashing”
This is not a contest based on need. This is a contest based on design. So fill your entry with all the ideas that you have for your big day!
SAINT ETIENNE – CARNT SLEEP (BETA)
We can expect the non-Muslim PKR MPs to abandon the party should its leadership embark on such a back-stabbbing move, can’t we?
Today I am choosing to rejoice in the greatness of who He is! I am choosing to make time to sit still in His Presence letting everything else go. I am choosing to remember all He has done for me and through me. I am choosing to give Him the worship and glory due to His great Name!
Philadelphia's Steaks and Hoagies Portland Betsy Ross Imperial Golden Imperial Golden Ale
Arrogance is an absorbing sense of one’s own greatness. It is a feeling of one’s superiority over others. In the presence of superiors, overweening pride manifests itself as arrogance. Pride is too self-satisfied to care for seeing the good in others and in praising them.
Laughing at defeated opponents, bragging about your achievements, overdoing it with taunts and emotes, all make you look childish. The fact is, even children should know better. An appropriate emote used at the right moment can be a beautiful thing, but when it accompanies every encounter in the game, it turns into that much more mindless spam, which brings us to our next rule.
Two and a half productive hours in the sunshine. The only thing missing was the camera. Sorry.
Are Homeowners at Risk if Watch Captain at Fault in Martin Shooting?
And at teh risk of sounding like a "take your medicine" parent, it'll do indie writers in general a power of good. The real indie writers. Those who've succeeded on Kindle because they engaged with readers will carry on succeeding. For everyone else the end of a cash cow may eb what's needed to get them doing it right and non-lazily before they learn bad habits.
We use the name White Dragon. There is another group that calls themselves the White Hats.
Just look at these following images. You will find a hint of green, a glimmer of glass, and a dash of the unexpected.
Year-to-Date: 34
Standing on a hill
I practiced drawing the pattern for a while, before I finally figured out how I was going to make it work.
Don't forget we start a new challenge tomorrow (Tuesday 1st May 2012)..
Right, I have to start this one off with a confession: I have never seen/heard The Space Pirates ever before!! I know, how can I call myself a fan? I just haven't! There's only one episode out of six that exists to this day, and there is little to no visual representation of this story, it is also the last story that doesn't exist in it's entirety and I had heard I wasn't missing much (we shall see). Unfortunately where the previous story, The Seeds of Death, took the late-sixties obsession with space travel and gave it an ironic twist, The Space Pirates, ah... doesn't.
Hundreds of sources now confirm what we have reported on.
Hofstadter’s point is that Americans like to praise common sense rather than reflection and intellect. Although, he wrote in the 60s a look at today’s political discourse can confirm this. Combine Hofstadter’s perspective with that of Carl Marx and the reason the modern university is turning into a worker drone factory is because the capitalistic nature of society requires that it be stocked with young bodies born to be worker bees. Thinking this way, the occupy wall street movement and the student backlash against unemployement, is really a frustration that the almighty system has no place for your type of worker bee. When in reality it has no place for you because it has no place for thought anymore.
Wonderful words. Thank you, Diane, Linda and Inga!
Below is the original photo. I asked a dear friend to take this photo for my art project and he obliged. The wind whipped through and before I could move hair out of my eyes, my friend pressed the shutter release. Perfect.
And there you have it! The three most common ways to characterize. How do you create your characters? What method do you prefer/practice?
Ingredient:
They claim to be trying to save us from ourselves, by simultaneously discouraging the use of tobacco while using the revenue derived from the sale of tobacco to keep themselves employed and ensure that tobacco is never outlawed completely. They couldn't afford it.
4. Mohd. Rafi: Pyar Hai Ik Nishan Qadmon Ka Part II
If wash was dingy and grey,
~The prize again this month is...
"Fortunately, you’re a good guy. We’ve already established that. Now that you’re aware that there’s a problem, you are going to go out of your way to fix it, and to make the women with whom you interact feel as safe as possible."
506 D-III/13/1956. “A Commentary on Aristotle’s Politics, Book III, Chapter 11.” Paper in a tutorial conducted by Yves R. Simon, The Committee on Social Thought, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item D-IX/4(A)/1982, below, Appendix IV.) See Item C-1989(7), above.
Then I remembered a recipe that a friend gave me years ago. She got it from her sister-in-law, who lived in Canada for a while. The implication being that it’s a Canadian recipe, which it may well be as it has cup measurements in it.
dude.
The company are introducing an internal ‘carbon price’ to encourage their individual business arms to become more responsible for the costs of offsetting their emissions.
If employees always have the option of quitting because of a social safety net, then employment conditions are guaranteed to be better than being on the safety net. The existence of the welfare option means that employees would only take a job if they find it better than the safety net.
inundated with it! Then you can go forth and face the world with God’s divine
It is no secret or news that many people like dog meat (tortoise/snake/porcupine…). My dog-eating-expert said some people enjoy eating the meat while drinking it’s sauce(however that is). Local dogs ‘ekuke’ was the most favoured…’even tastier than foreign breeds’.
In comparison to the previous year, their turnover increased to Rs. 339,792 Crore by 31. 4 %. Even their exports have strengthened this year by 41.8 % to Rs.208, 042 Crore. Their Profit before Tax climbed to Rs. 25,750 Crore i.e. by 2.0 %.
I once asked a kid why he found using a "beer bong" so enjoyable. I have never used a "beer bong."
What was really refreshing about this book was the fact it moved us from the usual steampunk locations (usually Victorian London or the old west) and moved us to place we usually don’t get to see. The book climaxes in the Ukraine while the characters are making a mad dash to China.
7And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
Outkast - Rosa Parks
During one Christmas tour, Derek became very friendly with an acrobat called Sally, who had recently joined us. Sally knew he didn’t mate with females, but still used to hug and kiss him in a friendly sort of way, which didn’t seem to bother Derek. So no one took much notice when the two spent many hours chatting and dancing together at the New Year’s Eve party. And when Sally followed Derek back to his trailer that night, it was surely just for a friendly cup of coffee to see in the New Year.
Yesterday Kat asked me to explain something to her about it. I did. And then last night I dreamed I was with her again. I woke up with a start. Today I find myself with 100 yard stare. I feel raw, exposed, cut down, abused. I feel the sickness I felt when I was with her. I feel small and scared and weird.
Those in Peril has some very sexual and violent scenes. Is it your intention to shock people?
What a ride this has been...
Later that day, I had to cut some clips and write cues for the news room. The whole concept for writing and editing for news bulletins is totally different to writing and editing for shows. I got some experience for doing that and receive some feedback, as well.
Man fears man as the chief captain feared the human might of Rome. But it is God that wields the wrath of eternal judgment. We see something of this in Hebrews 9:27.
weather and animals did a number on it.”
I still think he looks really dumb with it, but he’s 17 & one day he will grow up, have children (and probably no hair at all!) and I will bring out these photos & we will all have a really good laugh!!
2 tablespoons whole milk
The oak that in summer was sweet to hear,
Regarding Medicare, Romney wants to move away from the current fee-for-service reimbursement system and move toward more efficient systems, such as per-person or per-diagnosis plans. But he concedes that this won’t be enough to fix Medicare; it will need a more fundamental alteration (apparently beyond the scope of this book).
“In Mali, we don’t need more telecommunications investments,” Niang states. “We need to be producing food for people to eat. There’s a whole generation of young entrepreneurs right here in Mali. But if you’re hungry, you can’t study at school, you can’t start a business, and you can’t have respect and dignity.”
Over 100 of you along for the ride now...gee!!! I feel a sudden onslaught of performance anxiety! I always do better under pressure though, so I'm sure I will be fine! Well now that we are ALMOST to the halfway point of 2010, I took on a task today that I have been putting off forever!
The concert entrance is 6.30pm, within a short time period it gather up tons of people! Above is 7pm and below is almost 8pm ++. (My camera not so good in night time zzz) And the crowd almost fill up the beach side too!
I’m not sure what to say about PC’s ingredient deck because there’s so many ways to describe your ingredients according to CFIA (Canadian Food Inspection Agency) that it can be really hard to tell how much of each ingredient is in there. But, it’s good to note that PC’s strawberry preparation lists sugar before the strawberries.
their rave hit "Something Good", British techno unit The Utah
Postscript: I made a return trip to the National Gallery a few days later to reacquaint myself with Constable’s classic. It’s just as stunning as I remember it (although I can’t help thinking that the Hay Wain itself is a little out of proportion to the width of the millpond – sorry Mr Constable, everyone’s a critic). As I stand in the crowded gallery, gazing at the canvas and thinking ‘I’ve been there’, every detail inspires memories and the painting springs to life even more vividly than before. And I realise that’s why The Hay Wain is John Constable’s finest, most celebrated work.
Then the crowd chanting ” BUKA!BUKA!” but the officer do nothing.
Most people are focusing on the short term and how we as humans might have affected the change of a half a degree or so. The fact that global temperatures fluctuate on a much higher peaking sinusoidal wave with a longer wavelength means nothing to the typical homo sapiens. (For those of you who don’t know what a sinusoidal wave is, the simplification consists of the idea that temperatures go up higher and fall lower over a much longer period of time.)
Love, everyone.
The Department of Social Development confirmed last week that the Special Investigating Unit had found 25,255 cases of social grant fraud by public officials since the inception of the South African Social Security Agency (SASSA) in 2005.
Intense pleasure
the Gospel which he had
Me: uhm.
Now don't get me wrong, I didn't do a marathon (or snickers, whatever they are called now) but I did go round the block twice. Which I think is a great start. I walked a bit, I ran a bit. I didn't stop halfway round for a cigarette, (apparently that is frowned upon, who knew?) I nodded at other joggers as we went past as if we were all in some secret club together.
“Please sir,” the woman began again after coming to a stop and almost dropping her small child, “the Chinese have overrun those routes, we only barely avoided being captured after abandoning our car and running into the woods. Please my children are hungry and tired, and we are citizens in good standing with the government with my husband and their father fighting in Texas.”
The first decision crossroad arises when companies have a product or product concept in hand, but don’t really know either the tasks the product can fulfill or the customers for whom these tasks are a priority.
Now to matters at hand. I also submitted a spec script to another author to adapt his novel to a script, and offered to adapt another story for another friend of mine. I told you I liked a challenge. As I usually sign off on my writings, keep your ink wet, and your sleeves dry. Till next time, happy reading.
Snowman's Prayer
17. To The Beat (feat. Walter Mecca)
2. Chinese Rocks (not on original R.I.P.)
I want to give something to everyone that enters. And I can't. So I'm going to pout.
When Islam considers women to be deficient in reason, and I refute this assertion – in that case Islam attacks me, and I am merely attacking back. When Islam calls to kill whoever does not believe in it, and I refute this, in that case Islam attacks me, and I am merely attacking back. I do not attack Islam. I criticize it, but unfortunately, we, the victims of Islamic upbringing, view any criticism as an attack.
If by some chance you are an agent, I sincerely apologize for the misdirection.
I only know I gotta get there
b) Many of these other men have much more going for them than The Ex did.
But American couch potatoes wouldn’t get out in the fields and gather all those watermelons and peaches and whatnot.
Adapt it …….. Add 1-2 tsp ground cinnamon, ginger or all spice ….. Replace vanilla with almond, orange or lemon extract
A middle management executive has to take on some sport by his doctor’s orders, so he decides to play tennis.
4) Add ginger garlic paste and add saute for few minutes.
Bobbing up and down—
What would yours be?
Additional Skills/Competencies:
The lady stuff. My periods are less the 3 weeks apart. It is screwing up with my hormones and other stuff. A couple of years ago I had a biopsy done and found out I have an enlarge uterus. I can have it taken away or just let nature take it’s course cuz sooner or later I’m going to be old enough for it to just shrivel up and quit doing it’s job. I opted for the wait and see. It’s not dangerous, just annoying and I will pray to God that he’ll one day agree with me, that it can go away anytime. Here’s the goody (NOT!!), I ended my period on the 7th of this moth, guess what came today for the ladies tests, yep…it’s here, again!!
The catalog brochure is available through all three (3) load calc programs by clicking on the pdf button next to the model number when you have the product selected.
The only modest increase in gasoline prices is surprising given that oil prices (the spot price for West Texas Intermediate) have been on the rise for the past three months. From its low of $79.43 per barrel in late-September, the oil price rose to almost $100 per barrel in the first week of December, an increase of over 25%. In comparison, gasoline pump prices drifted up modestly in October, then eased through November, but overall are down 4.2% over the same period. This indicates that upward pressure on gasoline prices is building, such that we can expect to return to very strong growth in the energy price index begin next month (December) and extending into the New Year. Given that rising gasoline prices have been the main driver of the growth in the PPI for finished goods over the past year, we can expect that increase in gasoline prices will be reflected in an increase in the finished goods index. Similarly, gasoline prices also have a heavy influence on the building materials composite index, and the price of individual buildi
Charles Chandler of Norfolk indicated: “I am not sure what I am angrier about. This story, or the crowd of black teens who needlessly and thoughtlessly beat two white victims. Or am I just angry that this still occurs in the year 2012. Nearly fifty years after the marches and the speeches and the declaration of civil liberties for all people. Clearly we are nowhere near the dream Dr. King envisioned. I am angry. I am angry at the calloused cop who stated “this is what they do”. I am angry at the Pilot for hiding it under a bushel.”
Well, not so much needed if you don't care what goes on in my life, but if you didn't you wouldn't read this, huh?
I had to leave during the second half to see a friend who told me tobacco companies had been discovered putting sugar in their cigarettes to make them more addictive.
1. Parking in LA totally freaks me out.
“Gatsby?”
Written and Illustrated by Laura C. Martin. Ages 9-12.
“I acted badly. April 13th is a bad date on the calendar for me. And I don’t know how to avoid it. I get done with it and then the whole year careens back to it,” he said.
It is understood that the Barisan Nasional chairman has also started to meet individual heads of the various component parties.
Malcolm’s ashes will be turning happily in his urn.
Tell us a little bit about yourself.
Vegetarian? Include one or two tablespoons of ground flaxseed in your daily diet for some plant-based omega-3 fats.
As you may remember, my official New Year's Resolutions were to eat more dip, wear more sweatpants, and go to Target more. I'm happy to report that since January first, I've eaten several dips ( french onion dip, bean dip, taco dip, hummus, and spinach artichoke dip) and got 2 new pairs of sweats. I haven't been to Target at all yet this year, but as my good friend Meatloaf ( who obviously knows a thing or two about dip and sweatpants) says, "Two out of three ain't bad."
Roscoe's Stout Summit is coming up on Friday Feb 25th at 5PM. If you
If you go to US Promo Deals and find that Time Warner Cable in New York, NY does not offer service your new home, USPromodeals.com allows you to sign up new utilities and telecom services right from their page. By inputting your new address, a listing of all the basic services offered at that address will be displayed. You can evaluate price plans, sign up on USpromodeals.com or call to a service representative with any questions on service packages and prices.
This is the third new branch for Bishop Lifting Products in the past year.
15 Dark Globe 2:57 July 27, 1969 Choral Version - Malcolm Jones 1987 Clean Mix
The tremor was centred 10 kilometres southwest of Wellington, at a depth of 30km, GeoNet says.
Stuff that erodes and outright takes away our liberties, pursuit of happiness (property), and yes, even life.
Here I am, sitting in the Pittsburgh airport and trying so hard not to think about the 17+ hours of travel ahead. And why would I put myself through this unimaginable hell? The answer, of course, is home. This is the eighth (or ninth…no eighth, I think) time I’ve done this flight in the last four years. Yes, it’s expensive. Yes, it’s uncomfortable. Yes, oral surgery is preferable. But I cannot resist the magnetism of the islands. They’re alive; they haunt my every breath; they possess my soul.
One of the characteristics of the new social contract ushered in by both George W. Bush and Barack Obama is the increasing power of creditors to govern outright, from tax farming by banks to the use of credit checks to access employment opportunities.
She reaches for you from the corners.
The Texas Forensic Science Commission voted unanimously Friday to open an investigation into two complaints about the Austin Police Department crime lab's testing of drug evidence.
Question: Where does faith rank in my priorities?
Hallo, ich bin Laura aus dem Südwesten Deutschlands. Vor 2 Jahren habe ich mir einen lang-gehegten Traum erfüllt: Ich bin spontan nach New York gezogen und habe jeden Tag soweit genossen!
So after a divine dinner at Centro Vinoteca (where, omg, we passed on hazelnut cake with nutella mousse?!), we walked over to University and 8th. Unlike my first visit when I felt gluttonous just ordering hot chocolate with my chocolate bread pudding, this time I was able to sample three whole desserts.
Susan Harris (REP) 5.64% 208
within his own body. All of these
It's just a non-issue. When we lived in Oregon, I was very aware of making lots of other options readily available, so that they were watching tv if they really wanted to, but not just out of boredom. Now we can't afford cable, but we get movies from the library ever week, occasionally get redbox movies and they can watch things online. And they do, but here we have a yard for the first time and L is at an age now where they can really play well together. So they play together, often outside, most of the day if we are home. Then we put a movie on in the evenings before bed. Movies still spark lots of good conversations and interests.
And the Big Buttercream Breakthrough
The speech was given at Bagram Air Force Base, in front of a phony backdrop consisting of the machines of war, while our Brightest and Best were barred from the area.
Awaiting you while you followed him
I have read some blog and forum posts that have thought it was wonderful that the President is a home brewer.
In 1983 I decided that I needed to make a major lifestyle change. I stopped spending my hard earned money on smoke and drink and in an effort to get back to the way I was raised, began purchasing Fishing and Camping gear. I bought a $100 boat and trailer, a $800 dollar motor and put about $1000 worth of high Tech amenities on board.
Just finished another beachscape...this one is 12x24". Nice big size.
A Weizenbock. The only time I had one of those was in Austin, and it was not up to snuff. Just plain boring. St Arn did a homebrew competition in Weizenbocks, and let the winner brew one batch of the stuff and sell it. Cost me 15 bucks a 6 pack. They could have charged 30.
For more on Revolution Wheels please visit www.revolutionwheels.com or contact Warren McKiernan on +44 1827 64111
Virginia Thomas' request for an apology from Anita Hill is simply too surreal not to poke fun at. I wrote up a quick Smile Politely column in honor of Virginia Thomas: Apology Accepted.
Those 545 human beings spend much of their energy convincing you that what they did is not their fault. They cooperate in this common con regardless of party.
I have about 15 rolls of film to burn through… so look forward to a few more posts with the best of the best that I shoot. The softness of the shots are kind of refreshing when you are used to sharp digital photos everywhere…
Since the beginning of 2012, the energies have gone from feeling stuck, to feeling like we are in an out-of-control spaceship. This pace is literally taking our breath away.
And then of course we had to order desert. Another giant list stared us in the face, this time involving fruits, ice creams, salted caramels and other sauces, and nuts. It took a while, longer this time than for dinner since we had to make a joint decision, but in the end settled on another option from the specials menu, and are very glad we did. Ours had chestnut “cream” – some sort of smooth chestnut sauce – and chestnut ice cream, and regular whipped cream.
I used a Cocoa Mouse stamp, Egg-cited Cocoa and coloured him with my promarkers. The dp is Basic Grey digi paper and I added some ribbon, layered mulberry flowers, and flat pearls. I think Cocoa looks so sweet popping out of this Easter egg!!
Have a listen to “You Will Be Alone” below and snag a download of the track off Alaska In Winter’s official Soundcloud!
I have a 30th Birthday next weekend and I a torn between the Large Watering Can Gift Bag and the Glove Box! Stop back by and I will be sure to post my creation. Enjoy the rest of your weekend and hope it’s a crafty one!
I didn’t want to deter writers from self-expression by following the pack, and I was tired of seeing blogging as a JOB. Twitter, commenting, following, always the same. I was restless and dissatisfied and couldn’t find a place to settle in the writing world. I didn’t know anything about writing, so I began instead writing passionate articles about what I believed writing should be: free expression, no rules, exploration, ingenuity. Blogging by numbers didn’t go alongside that plan well, and I felt irritated and thrust into a rut that had nothing to do anymore with writing. Just following the pack. I was searching my soul — and what it came to was — I didn’t know anything about literature. And I couldn’t be a writer until I’d experienced it. So I shut down the old place, cut off Twitter, deleted everything and became Jillian (my real name) — reader. Explorer, book blogger, lit student, English tutor, person willing to admit she knows nothing.
If your car doors kept getting dented by unconsiderate drivers or passenger of the car parking beside you. Take a picture of your "car neighbours". What you want to do to car owner/passenger is up to your imagination.
Not for first place
Alumni are defined as “graduates of the University programmes of Education and Training of at least one year leading to a certificate, diploma or degree.” Aga Khan University (AKU) in Pakistan and East Africa includes graduates of:
But the big stuff we snuck out in my buddy's mobile home.
Why is it that we have to watch Sonic the Hedgehog every night? Please start liking my shows..
For a limited time only I will critique your child's artwork or story they've made up. The cost will be $10.00 for three; yep, you heard it right...THREE pieces of artwork and/or stories. Two stories and one drawing of the outside of the house with your whole family standing outside? No problem. Three stories...even if written in crayon -- heck, I'll take them all on.
When I have expressed my belief to conservative friends that everyone should earn a Living Wage, their response has been to ask why I want to seize the wealth of others. News for them: fair pay for honest work is not money seized from anyone; it is money honestly earned. If paying a Living Wage would, in fact, be the same as stealing, it could only prove that this money was extractive wealth that should have been theirs to begin with. Nor could it devalue those who are reasonably paid. Living Wage laws have worked well in Australia, where they have been in place for a century. A fair social setting hasn’t hurt the poor in European nations, where an illness never creates a family bankruptcy, as is frequent here, and the low-wage worker isn’t automatically poor when age forces retirement.
FACT: Geoffrey Beevers is credited as the Melkur to conceal the plot twist of the Master’s return, and the name Tremas is also an anagram of Master.
And the obligatory paper plate and ribbon hat picture. It took two plates to make that monstrosity.
CHIPOTLE DIP: Okay, let’s get one thing straight. ANY food or condiment (with the possible exception of breakfast oatmeal) will be better with chipotle peppers added. If you don’t understand this, or you doubt my word, don’t even both reading any further. This blog will only upset you. I chop up from 1/2 to 1 canned chipotle pepper and stir it into some yogurt, and ta-dah! A delicious, spicy, smokey dip is ready. It’s that easy.
Seriously, just to compare I took photos of the books by themselves and then with another fairly normal sized book (Under the Never Sky, which has been in a previous IMM).
...Which made me realize that I have really never been anywhere outside of the US of A. (Besides Paris one time...!) So I made myself a list of cities I need to get myself to, ASAP - St. Petersburg is one of them (& not JUST because of J. Crew...) stay tuned for more soon ;)
The various models of the watches are available for the customers who are sifting the numerous collections to find the perfect watch according to their needs and likes. One cannot only find extensive functionality featuring models in the various watches retails, but also, on the World Wide Web as well. The online shoppers for the watches find it easier to sift through the various collections of the watches by wasting lesser time in window shopping with the help of simple clicks when viewing the online product galleries on the virtual retails.
Now, there were some "issues' if you could call them that at all. I think the biggest complaint I heard from most of the people around me was that there was little suspense, you pretty much kind of knew what was coming and how someone who going to be murdered. Example: Two girls on phone with other girl who lives next door when killer calls, says he's in the closet, two girls open closet and hes not there. Killer then says "I never said I was in yours" pops out of the next door neighbors closet and kills her. If you didn't see that coming from a mile away then you're probably blind, or getting popcorn and missing the action. I'm not that creative, but I still think after fifteen years, it's pretty difficult to come up with a new way for someone to to pop out and stab someone with a hunting knife, so there is little complaint from me on that one. The action was still really good and there still were a few parts that made me jump (and some thirty year old guy scream like a girl behind me).
* Claire walks in the temple gate, tells Dogen that he wants to see him. Dogen says he is not an idiot, that if he steps out of the temple, MIB will kill him. Claire says then he better send someone that he wont kill.
God loves you, and it is so important that we are right with God, because we never know, when he will take our lives….Be ready, and prepared. Pray this prayer….
Shoes: BCBGirls
Now empty the contents of the bag into a bowl and mix in the Grape-Nuts, then add the melted butter and mix well.
*How did you choose to kick off 2011?
Having a fire engine with a full complement of firefighters in the driveway is reassuring when there is a fugitive in the woods. Being protected in our sleep by so many law enforcement and emergency workers makes me feel secure. Knowing that police patrol cars, helicopters, search dogs, firefighters, and ambulance drivers know where I live is comforting when one lives at the end of a gravel road in the Hereford Zone. However, sleeping through the arrival of the aforementioned emergency personnel is rather unnerving–not to mention the need for them to be there in the first place.
ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema had to “vacate his position”, the party's national disciplinary committee said on Thursday.
Choose resolutions that you really want to achieve – and express them in a positive way.
Her and Daniel dreamed in University about being able to use their art to provide jobs for others and create a bridge for sharing the gospel. “We have dreamed about an opportunity like this for so long, but to run a true business in Uganda is expensive. You must have the proper government papers and lawyers. Because we get paid so well by you, we have been able to save up so that we are now a registered business here.” Their next savings goal? They want to buy land and build a house large enough to have an art studio, sewing, and jewelry workshop. “In this way, we can provide well paying jobs for so many people. You know, for the first time we are not being exploited. We are
Burgundy trim from JoAnns
Deportation my
Start to experience the feeling of your Light Body as being more and more your identity. Let it expand out regularly with longer and longer tentacles of light, reaching farther and farther into the cosmos and out to all beings, human, celestial, and galactic. Feel yourselves residing in many places at once, encompassing many places at once, joining in Light with as many beings at once as you can. You are learning what it is to go back to Oneness.
Mr Musa Aman may be a busy chap, but a quick phone call to these institutions by his office should achieve the result with very little of his valuable time being wasted!
Plus, as I’ve contended, the Nets (and other NBA teams) report tickets distributed, not gate count, which means that the percentage “filled” is lower than reported attendance.
So, for 3 nights in Dublin's fair city I packed:
“You know, I really hate playing with your Dad.”
On a similar but different note, one of the endeavors I have been engaged in is working with an organization, Victory Martial Arts, to promote their anti-bullying program.
Yeah, that's what we all wanted; that was our shared dream wasn't it?
Gillian is also really good at spotting mushrooms, probably due to her closeness to the forest floor. All mushrooms should be cooked before consuming them, so she knows to never put any mushroom in her mouth. She has a favorite wild mushroom (sulphur shelf) to eat, and can identify several other species already. We used to have a monetary incentive of a quarter for every mushroom she spots, and while it helped fill our basket, it also quickly emptied our pockets. We still try to make mushroom hunting fun by bringing a magnifying glass with us to examine some of the fungi we find. Get your kids outside, and show them a few cool mushrooms, even if they are not edible.
Did I worry about the throbbing pain? Whether or not my toe would heal straight or end up as crooked, arthritic mess of a toe? Did I worry about losing my toenail (ouch!) or all the end-of-summer trips to museums and beaches that I would miss with my kids without the full use of my foot?
Let that perfectly ripe pear sit out on your counter for a few more days, and….well, you’ll have a mess.
Do you feel like you have not done enough for the Lord? Like no matter what you do it is not enough? Do you feel empty and a need to be serving more? Are you tired of waiting to go and do, and just want to get out there and love and serve people for the Lord?
What this permits a photographer to do is to predict the effect of depth of field based on focus and f/stop. In this case, the focus is currently set about 9 feet. At f/11, everything from about 6.5 feet through about 15 feet will be in reasonable focus. How can I determine this? Simply by looking at the two 11 marks. Based on this, I can extrapolate what f/8 would look like — everything from about 7 feet through 12 feet or so will be in reasonable focus. Of course, at f/22, everything from about 5 feet to almost the horizon will be in focus within the depth of field!
Comprehensive Risk Assessment
Now let's get one thing straight. Jeffscape is not afraid. Not of anything. I'm quite serious about that. those who know him on the blog, see the arrogant shithead that he can be. Well he is a bit but he is not afraid of anything. He was extremely skeptical but always hopeful, came armed with a mini-maglite LED torch and was determined to either prove the existence or non existence of the paranormal. I on the other hand, don't believe in ghosts but the thought freaks me out and I'm slightly terrified of the dark. Whilst I'm happy to go on a tour, wondering around the rambling site after the tour in the wee small hours was not my idea of fun but I wasn't about to be left in a room where the bell hop had told us 'a little incident happened last night' so I clung like a limpet to the poor sod. Thanks to his royal intrepidness exploring the possibility of finding Mr Chen, his belt has now been stretched 2 notches since I grabbed the back of it for at least 20 minutes while he took me into the pitch black of the Asiatic Quarters. So, ther
And she always looks very, very concerned as she gets out of the bus and walks down our block.
What is exciting about SlutWalk is the same thing that is important about Walk for Choice. Both movements sprang up spontaneously, are independent of any mainstream women’s organizations, are made up of young women, most of them in their 20s who are angry and radical and determined to make a difference.
Oklahoma State
-A way to tell if you got a hotspot is when you fail to get the message, "but you find nothing." However, that sometimes pops up even when it is the hotspot. I recommend digging in one spot three times. If you get the, "but you find nothing" message three times, move onto the next.
Overdressed? Nope, gorgeous. – Thelma, dress maker to the gypsy community, based in Liverpool was thankfully back. She knows she is making some shall we say, odd creations, but who cares, she gets paid for it right? Well she knows what she is making so I don’t think she cares either way so long as her clients are happy.
World War II led to the development of a hutted Emergency medical services hospital to the north of the admission unit, which was also requisitioned. Peacetime brought about the creation of the National health service, under which the hospital became known as St. Mary's - named after the Stannington parish church. The hutted emergency hospital was converted to house mental defectives. Limited development under the NHS consisted of a new staff training school and a number of prefabricated units providing social and occupational therapy facilities.
And yet, folks get really antsy when the word is used, as if hanging out and dating are a major leap from each other. Incidentally, I tend to define dating as the time when 2 people who are attracted to each other and sense some sort of chemistry/connection spend time with each other on a fairly consistent basis in an effort to get to know each other better.
3:29).
Hope for the release of spiritual dogma (I don’t think that’s the right word, so if you know the proper word here please tell me in the comments) between opposite religions. If one wants to believe in their God or whatever they’re called then so be it, let them believe ~ Anyway that’s what I hope for most, World peace between everyone.
If anyone would care to share their thoughts on space vs. community on the dance floor, I'd like to hear other perspectives.
Fans and tubes filled with hot air had to be used to herd the tarantulas into place for shooting. Even so, it can be noted that in many of the scenes that involved their human co-stars, the spiders can be seen trying to flee from them.
I started to hear the buzz about Louisa Young's My Dear I Wanted to Tell You and downloaded the audiobook to my iPhone. I walked for hours, completely captured by this compelling love story. Brilliantly read by Dan Stevens (left), the story gripped me from the beginning and wouldn't let go. I was especially in awe of the amount of research Louisa must have put into this. Yet the research never intrudes. It does what it should do, it makes the world utterly real and gave me great confidence in her authority. The plot, too, is compelling and carried me to places I did not think it would go. But what impressed me the most were the brilliant internal monologues, especially those about how the mind shrinks from the agony of protracted battle and shell-shock. I can't remember reading such imaginative and accurate descriptions of a person's interior mental state. Brava, Louisa, for writing a superb historical novel.
Let's be realistic: even though Bavaria have denied involvement, of course it was a marketing stunt: why else would forty identically dressed women turn up in one block? But it's a brilliant stunt: once again, Bavaria has had acres of free press coverage, and Fifa and Bud have been made to look really quite sinister and scary.
I was digging through my supplies and came upon some paper pads which I forgot I had. Lucky for me, Kaisercraft's Pink Gelato papers coordinated beautifully with the colours of the evening sky on the silhouette. So after a very long time, I have used pattern papers on my card. And shocking to me, I have used pastel colours! They do look nice. I don't know why but I do not use pastel colours so much. I love bright colours a lot. But every now and then I surprise myself and use pastel colours. Love it. Hope you do too.
We pick up on things
Sorry I haven't been blogging much. Life has been insanely busy with work and wedding festivities. One of those wedding festivities was a bridal shower hosted by my bridesmaids and my mom at my parents' house two weekends ago. My grandparents, Mimi and Pappaw, drove all the way from Florida to attend the shower. It was wonderful.
Then, mistake number three- I let her clean it up. I actually walked away to do something.
The coop and the run have been built in 2 parts, this makes it easier to move about (which we intend to do from time to time) and it makes life easier for cleaning and repairing. We have decided to start small, just 3 chickens for now, and maybe later on down the line we'll get a few more.
When Jelly Bellies first appeared on the market, there were only eight flavors: Very Cherry, Lemon, Cream Soda, Tangerine, Green Apple, Root Beer, Grape, and Licorice, which was reportedly President Reagan's favorite.
The only thing I know to do when I have a need is to begin to give generously to other people, to love them well and to rest in knowing that God loves me more than I love others. My problem this week has been that I have allowed my focus to shift onto our mountain. That's not where it should be. My focus should be on God and loving the ones He places in my path. Allowing Him to use me however He desires. I have never done a post like this one. I have told you all before that I don't share things here with you unless, I'm willing to participate (financially) in the need, so what I'm about to share is going to STRETCH me and STRETCH our family. I have prayed over each of these families and their fundraisers and have wanted to share them with you and so, in effort to be obedient, here we go.
* Average Broker Rating equal to 1 (Strong Buy) (I want the brokers to be fully on board.)
This post is about the hilarious way that the world has of giving you messages. In my case, it was screaming at me to give up my ol’ pair of tennis and move the eff on.
Saraf added, “A population register is already maintained by the Registrar General of India at present. The registration of citizens and the issuing of national identity cards are already provided for under the Citizenship Act 1955. This population register could have been used as a database for targeting subsidies instead of the Aadhar data.”
Not only does this lovely expat know her martinis, but she has impeccable taste in bars. I can personally guarantee you that if Forest likes it, it's gotta be good. The best part is that you can join her escapades! Every Wednesday she has a cocktail evening, and monthly a big meetup! Looking to meet expats or people who enjoy good places? Now you have no more excuses to stay home! Here's where you can get info on her meetups: http://www.meetup.com/52Martinis/
Do you know what the difference is between flying and falling? There is a term in aviation that is used to reference the pitch of the airplane. The term is used to control whether the plane is climbing or dropping. Ironically the term is attitude. By adjusting the airplanes attitude you can determine whether the plane is climbing or dropping. The same can be said about the attitude of a salesperson.
Paling, so Emily from each love and town,
Top of her armoire...I used many of the stuffed animals she has received over the years. That basket used to hold diapers and creams where she was an infant...I am just using it in a different way. Notice all the crowns!
1--A lovely day with rainy smile.
One of the things we will find is that the basic principles of liberty and equality are so pervasive in our culture, we take them for granted. They are like water to a fish. They go into the background and we stop noticing them. Some Americans have told me "we don't really have a culture."
With the cuts being made to the HSE, pro-active assessments of workplaces is going to be less likely. So bad employers will seemingly have less to fear from criminal prosecutions. The reduction in the number of accidents reported will no doubt suggest that an improvement in health and safety has occurred. The reality will be that health and safety will have been relegated below profit.
pastry got it’s name because it’s what the Cuban refugees back in the 60’s could
Anne Marie Sallerin Ferreira, 29, Jersey City, N.J.
Our hostess this month is the wonderful Sharon Caudle and she has challenged us to use BOTH Tilda & Edwin on our projects this time. Poor Edwin gets shortchanged sometimes so now is your chance to bring him out and be seen with Tilda. You can use your large or mini Magnolia stamps for this challenge!
Fluff
The adventure ended in Key West, the place our parents first met in the mid 1970s. My mom was 25 and my dad was 27. At sunset he was dancing along the docks with an african drumming band and my mother was in the crowd of onlookers. She went up to him, a stranger and street performer, and danced with him.
By this time I was bored with the exchange, and wrote to tell Mr. Wentworth that I knew what was up and wasn't going to play anymore. He fired back a final salvo. Since I'd refused to be "forthcoming or cooperative," dire consequences were in store for me. "I have no choice but to report that you are intentionally deceiving the writers community and public with this false information...Unfortunately once the report does become published, it will become public information as I have stated and will be talked about in the writers community that you represent yourself as being a trustworthy expert. The news of this report will have a negative effect and impact on your career and your credibility...Victoria this is probably the most decisive day in your career."
So I'm thinking of breaking a hole in the wall
WINDERMERE, Fla.--Next time, Eddie Dillard won't wear flip-flops.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees.
And forebear this tempting candle's burning
See? No place for camera.
- My husband gave me a gorgeous pink sapphire cocktail ring which I created an entire outfit around for this trip. Of course, the ring is back at home - without me or the outfit. I hope it has a great weekend, too.
The real problem is that the god of this world right now is materialism. The mantra of this religion has been these two simple words: “Charge it!” Money, materialism and covetousness is not the solution to life.
Totally not so.
The drive home was a short one. The park sat in the adjoining neighborhood and he only needed to take a couple of side-streets to get there. The only real effort was avoiding the numerous potholes that littered the road. Eventually, someone would complain enough and they’d send a group of workers out to fill them with asphalt. Then, like clock-work, they would erode again and cause some poor, unsuspecting motorist to bend a rim.
2 Aunties. Both with cancer, and both finding out weeks of each other. Fucking shit.
Rant over.....for now.......
I wrote all of this yesterday as I sat at the kitchen table crying. I didn't post it at the time because I don't want to sound like a whiny baby. And I don't want other people to feel discouraged by what we are going through right now. We are in the midst of a storm that will pass. And if Caleb never walks again, he will deal with it, just like he has dealt with everything else. God is faithful and regardless of whether Caleb can walk or not, God can use him for His glory.
Book Ayd to speak about Creativity and Inspiration for Innovation at your event. A great way to open your conference!
If it doesn't directly affect your life, then mind your own fucking business.
It never seems to end.
U.S. Sen. Bob Casey (D., Pa.) is proposing a bill that would give the Social Security Administration access to FBI databases in order for caseworkers to conduct criminal background checks. It’s a start.
Be you ever so high, you can be brought down by the vote of the common man.
Click here to read my short FAQ about this holiday period…and also how some of the holidays changed names a few times fairly recently.
When I was visiting Japan during a winter break, I saw one of my friends quietly putting his cigaret into a small mobile pocket-ashtray with a neat motion. He is a slender hair stylist, and I still remember that series of motions he took at treating the cigaret because it gave me such a good impression. It is a small motion but it shows consideration for the town and the environment and his delicacy.
Spray mini muffin tins with olive oil. This recipe made 30 mini-muffins so plan accordingly.
Yet another interesting metric is to see which individual authors are the most read amongst the blogs.
Delighting in Your Company
It's gonna be epic. Check it out. There are also courses available for a younger crowd.
Happy voting yiz feckers!
This is what the Constitution (Article XIII, Sec. 3) has to say about labor and employment:
compositions from 1950 and 1965 feature interesting
No one person better personifies Brooklyn’s contentious path forward than the man they called “the last of the leather breeches” and “the great protester.” Jacob Patchen, a resident of Brooklyn who lived between 1790 and 1840, was a “sworn enemy to all improvements.” He refused to sell his property to the city trustees, and thus he was literally carted away from his home on Fulton Street, when its demolition was required to enable the development of a central market near the ferry landing.
This concept of low access to healthy food options in low socio-economic communities led to the term “food desert.” A food dessert is defined by the U.S. government as “a low-income census tract where a substantial number or share of residents has low access to a supermarket or large grocery store.” There are more than 6,500 food deserts in the continental U.S. (food desserts are not yet defined for Hawaii and Alaska) and 75 percent of them are in urban areas. Some studies have correlated low access to healthy food options to higher obesity rates.
I also really loved the emphasis on integration. There are some psychologists who want nothing to do with spirituality and many Christians who think psychology is dubious at best and evil at worst. Personally, I don’t agree with either of those extremes and found that my approach to the field was well supported in this program. We constantly explored and reevaluated our own personal beliefs toward the end of combining the best of Christian Theology and the best of Psychology into a coherent sustainable therapeutic approach. I feel like the result is that I am now equipped to work with any and every people group.
we were promised to another
I get that there are single parents who have to work, and sometimes parents both really love their job and don’t want to quit because let’s face it, time out of the workforce is a bad thing in most industries, and maybe some people just don’t realize how well off they could be with one salary, and yes, sometimes both parents do have to work to pay all the bills. Those things aside, I have a question that always seems to come out rude and judgmental when I say it out loud, but is truly asked out of curiosity: Why do couples who can survive on one salary have children at all if they are going to both work? What’s the point of having children, only to let other people raise them? (Especially during the years before they start school.)
then I would not kill him,
I have also come to see that a writer mustn’t give up. Nobody ever got readers by not writing anything. I have three things that keep me going.
I helped build numerous castles out of cushions and blankets....
"I'm not," he snapped. "I just... I think... It might be best if you covered up a bit more when we get into Vessit. We don't want to draw attention to ourselves." A bead of sweat tickled as it slipped down the back of his neck. Still, better than answering the question she could have asked. Rel turned back to the path and started walking again.
-cilantro
This cake was a real delight to make, spread over three days, plus two days to let the flavours set in and mingle before D-day arrived.
policy would have on the military.
But we paid too great a cost,
And it took me two weeks of intense and exhausting work to suddenly have an epiphany of what my book is about. I had thought about all kinds of different themes - truth, love, validation, hope, etc. But then today it hit me, my book is about FREEDOM! It's about being free from the prison of abuse, the prison of the aftermath of abuse, which can last a lifetime. And only you can make the choice of breaking free of that prison, to release the shame by speaking your truth. I'm beginning to realize that writing this book, may just open up a prison for me too.
3. We aren't fully vaccinating. In fact, presently, we aren't vaccinating at all. Until I've done enough research to know what is going into her and why. And when we do it'll be on our own schedule. Three injections in one day is not happening (don't call CPS).
I am now on the second section of the book which goes on to describe other worlds - what would it be like to be on a planet that orbits a binary star, for instance, with constantly changing lengths of day and night, and orbits that rotate one way and then the next. And what would it take to destroy a planet like the Time Lord's Galifrey (the answer is an extremely large bomb of antimatter).
August 3rd I'm going to Colorado and New Mexico with my brother Jim and his daughter Diana. I can't wait to show them my favorite places. I lived out there for 20 years, 1974-94. That dry, semi-arid climate still calls to me. After you find a good moisturizer and your nostrils adapt, you realize you don't have those damp, swampy smells. It's always cooler in the shade in the dry air. The mountains and the desert cool off every night and offer sweetly scented breezes. The fresh air has the crispiness of a fresh cut watermelon. The scent of sagebrush wafts through the air. Pines and spruces have their way with your senses. Campfires smoke with the perfume of Pinon pine and Juniper. The freezing water of a babbling creek makes all your hairs stand up with the essence of cucumbers! Nibble on the tender light green tips of pine needles and your breath is suddenly fresh. Crush the leaves of sagebrush into your sleeping bag or rub them on your pulse points-who needs air fresheners and perfumes? Focus on the leaves of a quaking aspen~look up
the question.
Motorcycle Wedding: For all of you Harley lovers or chopper riders, this is a great theme wedding that is gaining in popularity. Show up to your wedding on a shiny chrome bike or ride off into the sunset afterward. Your cake topper could have a bride and groom riding motorcycles and your wedding dress could be white leather and lace (or you could save the leather and lace for the wedding night).
Highway 61
Oh, this child
there were no lines,
OBAMA (muttering rebelliously): This sucks. (in a normal tone of voice) Hey, Mr. President – can I smoke?
“Certainly not! It’s best not to let the children anywhere near dangerous equipment. No, it should be demonstrated by the teacher whilst the pupils watch and write about it. AND…” I held up my hand for increased dramatic effect, “The fun part is they get to draw a picture!”
Then I had a brainstorm. The antique store Neal and Co. carries Les Indiennes fabric, maybe I could go there and borrow some fabric and wrap it around a pillow! All of a sudden I had a plan. Go beg some fabric from Cindy Neal. The brown velvet pillows can then take the place of the brown cowhide.
The Answer: Social Media
Celeb Tweets
Archangel Michael: They can expect very similar experiences. When you use the term “dramatic enlightenment experiences,” you are talking about Nirvana, (2) you are talking about the unity of all with One. It is not to say that you will not experience that, but you cannot — well, you can if you wish; if it is the choice to simply remain in that state of unity, of One — but you cannot be fully conscious and in service, in action, if that is where you are.
At about the 27 second mark, some curious action occurs. A fellow wearing a white cowboy hat comes into the frame. He lifts a cupped hand to his mouth and just as the individual closest to him walks by, leans in and spouts something.
Certainties? One or two.
It seems the dance is reinstated. For those who give their whole life to immerse themselves in the ocean of His words, they live in another world and are creating a new attractor for the dance, a new way of being. For those who are fishing from that ocean, not convinced that they can live within, new products and forms are brought forth. Those who wander on the beach head notice the remnants of recent generations of effort, wasted in the sand, and are inspired. And those who spend their days eking an existence from a briny wastewater, hear only rumours of a seemingly mythological paradise, and ignore them.
Make these bars. Kids and librarians alike will love them! And hang onto your camera! :) - mary
Am I putting my future in safe hands? Certainly I have faith in the idea of the Goddess circle determining my fate, but to be honest I want to see a facial reaction to my question, to my needs. Still I persist; it is all I have on this very comfortable flight. An old lady in a sari sits next to me. She is going to see her son, this she told me as we were sitting down. I smiled politely and put on head phones. They stayed on for the flight; I need space, quiet to build my own history, my own future.
And of course, dad. What was most heartbreaking about this book is that it doesn’t end with reconciliation. Carroll and his father end up permanently (at least in this world) separated from one another. The last lines of the book are like a gut punch. Read it and you’ll know what I mean. What a sad story, and what a perfect reminder of how fortunate I am. Dad and I have certainly had our rough patches—typical father son drama—but today, boy am I lucky. Fond memories far outweigh the arguments. I’m grateful for his advice and his perspective. And I’ll always be thankful for a very personal and important trip with him to visit the Vietnam Wall in DC. (Maybe the connection to Vietnam was why this book struck such a chord.) James Carroll wasn’t so lucky.
After discovering John was with AIDS I was at first sad and then extremely angry with him. I also had mixed emotions of fright and nausea knowing that it was once again that close. I started imagining silly scenarios of what could have happened and worked it up that it was a narrow escape. It wasn't really, but maybe there was a part of me that did want to toast a goodbye with someone. Have a friend that close that I felt comfortable to do such a thing with. When my emotions settled down I was still angry, and then that passed and I remembered how John had cried when I left and how the memory of his home town had cut him in two. After that I started to recall snippits of things he had told me and how he so badly damned the needle but not heroin. It now made complete sense why. Heroin hadn't killed him; sharing needles had (or being duped into sharing a needle, who knows?) John felt hard done by. I then remembered him cursing his cousin with a vengeance, saying that he was the cunt who first pinned him up and got him on the needle. I
You see I actually made this drink sometime in January. I tell you this because blood oranges are a winter fruit, and are typically available between December and March. And even though we had a disturbingly mild winter, I still wished it were summer instead.
For this blog post, I’m going to only discuss the three rooms: The Outer Court, The Holy Place, and The Most Holy Place. They correlate to the cohen gadol’s robes, his crown, and the minisry of Yeshua (Jesus).
the rotten and the riches,
We'll just hug each other with all of our might!
Many of Timor-Leste’s independence leaders were educated in Portuguese and have promoted it as the language of resistance to emphasize historical and cultural differences between their would-be nation and surrounding island territories controlled by Indonesia.
No need to soak the pearls first which is another reason for easy peasy!
Kaleidoscope
Yesterday was a success people! And my ankles are no worse for the wear. I guess actually slowing down when I’m in pain is a smart thing to do – who knew? I also may owe their ease to the Hoku One Ones that my lil sis sent to me – thanks Hannah!
Stick the butterfly down using the suction cup and let the fun begin!
The detail is marvelous and this picture doesn't do it justice (so go check out his website).
It’s total assets were listed at $21.3 million, and in the paperwork for the filing they’ve stated that their sales have fallen more than 20%: “The economic recession had a devastating impact on higher-end fashion apparel brands, including ‘Betsey Johnson Fashions.’”
In my professional life, I have almost always had a clean desk. It may be stacked with work, but I can always find the random piece for someone else. In my personal life, I can't say anything about organized. I have never had a good routine at home. I noticed that when I worked outside the home, the home was cleaner. I had to keep a routine!
The aroma was filled with the recognizable smell of Smith and Cross: strong, funky and full of promise. Of course the molasses was there as well, though I am still not sure if I was smelling the actual molasses or the Smith and Cross. Also, the pineapple spear, which was an utter garnish failure, awkward protuberance that it was, added a bit of undefinable fruitiness to the nose. The first sip was very molasses-y, though the hogo of the rum carried through at the end. You would think that there would be some sweetness in this drink, but it was dry and earthy, with a vague powdery texture that made each sip seem almost chewy. After I increased the bitters, the spices became more detectable on the swallow. The flavors of the molasses were also enhanced by the increase in bitters--the drink seemed sweeter, in that pleasing molasses cookie way, and the flavors in general seemed more balanced. Overall, not bad but not great.
This is sort of a lazy post - I haven't posted in a while, and I'm not going to say much about this record because I agree pretty much entirely with Doug Payne's take on it. I'll just mention that I kind of like the "needless fuzz guitar", and that the Goffin/King Shirelle's hit "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow" gets a righteous soul-jazz treatment. Also I'd like to give some applause to Billy Harper on sax, whose own Black Saint albums are essential listening.
There really isn't much to the challenge, but it's not easy. You log all of your food, make sure you eat a green veggie each day, cut out the sugar (read labels to make sure!) and do at least 30 minutes of exercise each day. See, not bad, but today I had the worst headache. From the lack of sugar, perhaps? I really didn't think I had that much sugar in my diet. Interesting, huh?
On top of that, I've had to collect TELPAS samples. I don't know why collection is such a pain...we are writing in class anyway. AND, I had STAAR testing training on Tuesday and I have TELPAS Online training tomorrow! GEEZ! Bring on the Break!!!!
*”I’m sorry if that little display of respect slowed you down, but a lot of kids your age would be thrilled to be waiting tables right now.”
He wasn’t there again
If I didn’t know any better i’d be an alcoholic by now, good thing i’m smarter than that. ”And the worlds got me dizzy again, you’d think after 24 years i’d be used to the spin.” man this line by Conor is so damn true. ”But you may be offended and you may be afraid but don’t walk away, don’t walk away…” ”And our freedoms a joke we’re just taking a piss…”
I’m shocked. Really shocked. Am I heard right? He loves me?
-mixed into Pork Roast, Taters, and Carrots
From 4:30-5:30 PM at the Tifton-Tift County Public Library, the Georgia Humanities Council will provide a workshop on Shakespearean stagecraft. Participants should be between the ages of 7 and 18. Things that will be covered include costuming, acting, sword-fighting, life in 1611 England, and the Globe Theater.
“Harold, the cats do that.”
I then realized what was wrong and here are four words I never thought I would ever utter, read, or write (outside of a science-fiction novel).
We will announce the new DT members next week once we have visited all your blogs. In the meantime Pops has joined us again, she took a break for a few months but is now in a position to join in with DT duties again. Welcome back Pops.
It may be that I am brain-washed and I just don't know the facts;
In high school I spent a lot of time on the stage. It was a place where I could creep out of my own life and become someone else. It was a place where I could perform. It was a place where I could speak slowly and meaningfully and feel as though I was being heard, listened to, applauded for. It was a place where I could feel brave and passionate and exposed, in the best sort of way. It was a place where I could pretend to be different people. But it was also the place where I discovered who I am.
Now for the good one! The authors Diana diZerega Wall and Anne-Marie Cantwell, are professors of anthropology at the City University of New York and Rutgers University-Newark, respectively. They have put together these walking tours, in all the boroughs except Staten Island*, to help tourist and resident alike learn more about the history of the city.
But I'm feeling the need to create again and I've been thinking of hosting an apron swap. However I'm not sure if there would be any interest. I there is I'll be more than happy to get one started. Let me know.
Using my stash! Whoot Whoot!!
Mahmoud has been left anxious and short tempered. “I have become very nervous since the attack. If someone is kidding with me I will try to hit them with anything at hand,” says Mahmoud. His anger has resulted in problems in school, for which he was suspended for a year. “As a result of my rushed reaction to incidents there are problems between me and the teachers as well as other students.”
If you would like to bake it at this point, place in a baking dish and top with a generous sprinkling of cheese. Bake at 375 degrees for approximately 10 minutes until cheese has melted.
Scripture provides not only the raw data for understanding who the historical Jesus is but it also provides the God-given interpretive framework, structure, and categories by which we grasp his identity and thus construct an objectively grounded and warranted christology. In this way, Scripture serves as our epistemological norm for understanding who Jesus is apart from all historical-critical reconstructions of the text (p. 64).
Winona, a young successful singer has had a stressful year and needs some peace and quiet. She travels to her old hometown where her manager has rented a house for her. There is something about the house, it’s surely not what she expected. She drives into town for a drink where she meets her ex Rick and his friends. They’re joining her for hanging out in the house and strange things begin to happen. A mysterious villain is on the loose.
Same thing Saturday. Collins, not brand loyal to his so-called “closer,” saw trouble on the horizon and felt the need to take Frank Francisco out, only to see the Luis Castillo redux but starring two new players: Ruben Tejada and Kirk Nieuwenhuis. These games give me flashbacks and make me wonder if Post-Traumatic Mets Disorder should be classified by the psych community.
You know that light
In later years, the family did graduate to week-long breaks, but never too far from home. The only foreign travel was across the border into the Republic of Ireland, except once, when we went to a B&B in the very exotic Isle of Man.
It's said that fascism is always descending on America, but always landing in Europe. We're about to witness the abrupt and violent end of the Progressive Era. It's not at all clear what will replace it, but the old Chinese curse applies in big, blinking neon letters:
Native Hungarian band Thy Catafalque proves to nary explore uninteresting places, since their sound varies from track to track, often drawing from the influences of folk, black metal, industrial, and doom. I don’t think I’ve ever heard an album like this – which, when it comes to progressive metal especially, usually means mission accomplished. Not to say I was unfamiliar with the road this band was taking me down, but its destinations were different from what I was expecting. This is the first album by this band I’ve had a chance to hear yet, but there’s not a weak track to be found here.
and lonliness embraces..
The very convenient spank.
We now know that any boost of equality has an almost magical multiplier effect. Improvement also improves crime rates, obesity, marriage durations, educational achievement, teen pregnancy, and practically every other social measure imaginable. Likewise, falling equality makes everyone, rich or poor, worse off. Equality is essential if we are to have a true democracy, and Living Wage laws make it happen.
Najib was widely expected to announce the panel into what Sabah BN leaders say is the top election issue there when he visited the state later that same month but the prime minister concluded his visit without addressing the issue.
Rob Arash Inman ッ ‎"YOu are gay"
When: 6pm
On October 10, 2010 we landed at the ancient Kathmandu international airport, filled out our Visas (the guy that issued mine laughed at my photo and said "pretty"), made it through customs and fortunately found our checked bag in a sea of backpacks and duffel bags. We were greeted outside the airport by a wall of noise, a red sky and about a million people wanting to give us a ride to wherever we needed to go. We found our way to our guide and made our way through chaos to a quiet van filled with the rest of our trek mates. It was just the still before the storm that was driving through Kathmandu in rush hour traffic - I've never experienced anything like it and was too shocked to pull out my camera. But trust me, when I tell you that it was insane. But we made it to the other side of the world and at that point we didn't want to be anywhere else.
abominable
· Details matter
Trace dowel to indicate opening. Use hole punch to gradually increase the size of hole.
Knowledge Ecology Workshop details:
But how can I not? The Prayer of Saint Francis of Assisi (sometimes called the 'Peace Prayer') is actually quite beautiful, and as much as this may surprise you if you have been following me personally for two years, I'd like to share it with you here in its entirety. This is its English translation.
I can’t say that PvP on this planet was exciting. When I leveled here there were only a few times that I had an opportunity for some PvP. People were more interested in getting the quests done and moving on to the next planet then participating in PvP.
3. all-in-all it's actually pretty good. Not knocking Eternal Sunshine out my top spot, but as good as any rom-com sitcom-y type movie I've seen. Writer/director Vanessa Middleton sounds a little bitter-and-bruised in this interview, but she might have reason:
with their long alleyways and ornate tombs.
4. CHANEL Allure- CHANEL Allure EDT is clean and sheer, warm and sexy. Allure is a perfume whose facets interact like a fragrant diamond, intensifying each other as they unfold, like the notes of an harmonious melody. True allure arises from simplicity. A lack of contrivance. Allure is a fragrance that evokes each woman’s own very special allure.
The chocolate bread pudding, which I snitched a taste of from Alex, is still shamefully rich and deliciously spongy. The goat cheese cheesecake was a little too hoof-y for me, but Nick seemed to enjoy it plenty. Me, I got to sample the weekly special: chocolate truffle cake with praline crunch, and the praline crunch made the dessert.
Terry Pratchett—for his Discworld novels
Psychedelic Horseshit, Acid Tape
The world outlook is slightly improved with @AndrewBrietbart dead.
Now most of us in the industry might be thinking, “Well, of course you have to die to use it.” But in her mind—and I propose that in the minds of many young people like her—she was thinking, “Why would I want to use my hard-earned money to pay for something I will never get to use or even get to see how it works. How stupid to buy a product that ONLY pays out if I DIE.”
But I can’t place it.
I wanted to worship Him.
And share with others
River Benue, which has the
"Why must you always go to so much effort?"
As if an “ordinary” pink elephant isn’t intimidating enough, consider the catastrophic possibility of confronting an elephant parade. This was recently illuminated in the center ring by Genworth Financial’s claim analysis released last year:
Also, I went to a seminar at Hancock Fabrics recently sponsored by Bernina. It was about the proper use of stabilizers, how to embroider on towels, baby items, etc.
This point can be better understood by considering the explosive repertoire of the PIRA. Technically proficient though it was, the PIRA was greatly enabled by the commercially produced Semtex (and presumably detonators, or primaries, as well) that it was provided with over the years by Gaddafi’s Libyan regime. Used in medium-sized bombs (such as the one used to blow up the Grand Hotel in Brighton in 1984), as booster charges for large car bombs, and in home-made, anti-personnel coffee jar bombs designed to detonate on impact, Semtex made a great impact on the PIRA’s military capabilities. A plastic explosive designed to combine the characteristics of explosive power, insensitivity to shock, and malleability, and possessing uniform and entirely predictable characteristics, Semtex is an ideal secondary explosive, and one of the most versatile explosive compositions in existence. The PIRA doubtless had the ability to produce secondary explosives itself, and would have done so when necessary. But this did not reduce the utility of it
Despite the doom and gloom of these titles, his discussion reveals a much more mixed bag and two countries of particular interest to me--Singapore and Israel-- serve as positive (though not perfect by any means) models of the potential for government involvement in entrepreneurship. It is these latter chapter from which I drew insight and inspiration in preparing my own public talk.
8. Starting with right foot, wash feet with water to ankle 3 times.
"Want to try it trotting?" Christy asked. I lamented that I couldn't even master it walking, how was going faster going to help? "Do you really want to spend the whole lesson walking?" was her response.
1/2 cup carrots, grated
All of these things will soon be a distant memory for me. I’m so glad I have the photos to help remind me of the smell and feel and sounds and tastes of SE Asia now that it’s getting near the end. I hope you’ve enjoyed it too through what I’ve written about, but hey, I still have two weeks in Bangkok!!! Get ready for more!!
"Twenty years now
cotton thead for your machine (I just use regular Gutterman poly/cotton in white or neutral)
One nice thing about being in training is that we got an hour for lunch. I know! A whole hour! At school we only get a half hour. I seriously didn’t know what to do with myself!
We would like to thank Nienke and Larry for taking the time to answer our questions and share their experiences with our readers. As you can see from their answers, they are experienced travellers that decided to journey through Colombia as part of their trip around the world.
Lastly, I belong to a Unitarian Universalist Church not because I identify as a Unitarian Universalist, but because I believe that the Unitarianism Universalism is the contemporary religion most closely poised to become what I would call post-denominational. It is denominational thinking that separates Christians, Jews, Hindus, Muslims, Sihks, Buddhists, etc. Even when Christians use the term non-denominational, what they mean precisely denominational in its implication: we are not allied with them. Post-denominational thinking recognizes that, within the context of a human meta-history, many mythologies, philosophies, and prophecies have developed. As Gandhi famously said, “I am a Christian and a Muslim and a Hindu, and so are all of you!” If we survey this variety of human wisdom traditions we can begin to ascertain patterns. Some patterns reveal falseness: they reveal the self-serving, the greedy, the insecure, and the power hungry, these are ultimately revealed by their fruits. Other parts of the pattern seem to reveal insigh
- Our CORRECTED home study arrived in the mail!
I am so tired of your smirking, stupid voice. "Nails on a chalkboard" would be the most charitable comparison. Towards the end, it was more like a broomstick in a generator. For at least the past six years, I have turned off HOW many news programs because, unbidden, the howl would escape from my lips..."Oh, god, he's TALKING again!"...and off it would go.
Krishna and Radha
Soup
...Dropping off stray cats!
Unfortunately, sitting with my back to the cityscape that is exactly like the cityscape in your local-international-chain coffee shop makes it nearly impossible for me not to stare in disbelief. Honestly, I get the the cappuccino thing. There a plenty of places that only serve espresso, and if you don't know the lingo you may well think that cappuccino is the easiest way to obtain something white coffee like (ask for an americano with warm milk or cold). And really the prices are higher than the grocery store, but you're rather getting a different product and you're paying over the odds because you choose to. And really, I've yet to identify someone who was actually confused by the queue location rather than being unwilling to admit that they were trying to jump the queue altogether.
The Green lies are imploding. In the midst of a very ugly recession, the nation’s governors can do us all a favor by ending all funding to the various “environmental” programs tied to the global warming fraud.
Franky Goes to Hollywood Two tribes UK
David Daniel (UKIP) 366
There is no food and little water to be had, but after three hours (I think, I was kind of loopy by then) we take off. This was world’s slowest flight. I felt like I could have run alongside faster, Fred Flintstone style. We land in Kansas City, Kansas or Missouri, I don’t know – whichever has an airport – to refuel. A woman got sick everywhere and we had to pull up to a gate to get her off the flight. Finally, we’re airborn again and it took forever to get to Los Angeles. And mind you we had no food, no water, disgustingly foul bathrooms, and a short-tempered flight crew, which didn’t make that trip pleasant. I was never so happy to land at almost 3:00 AM, only nine hours after I was supposed to arrive.
bingo
Yes, taking Mohammed’s or the Koran’s words ‘out of context’. That old chestnut! That which current non-Muslims, or current critical non-Muslims, always seem to do. That is, to take this or that negative-sounding passage ‘out of context’. So this cliché actually began with Mohamed himself.
3) Recruitment Process
The WSJ is naively benevolent in its assessment of British intentions and protestations of opposition to coercive population control.
SMITH NM, SHAY DK. Influenza vaccination for elderly people and their care workers. Lancet 2006; 368: 1752-1753.
Frenzied with grief-induced adrenaline, Amanda yanked open the door to David’s closet and slammed his underwear into a garbage bag.
Indeed, Khmer architecture features nature lovingly interacting with it. The complexity of the layout of Ta Prohm is enhanced by its partly collapsed state, with trees interlaced among the ruins. This was the temple chosen to be left in its natural state to show how most of the Angkor temples looked upon its discovery during the 19th century. The tree shall then becomes a support for the temple, but when it dies, or is felled by a storm, the loosened blocks of the temple shall eventually collapse as well.
“An absolute majority of African youth are living in absolute poverty, starvation and hopelessness,” Malema wrote in a June 14 youth league newsletter. “All of us agree that the status quo is not an option. The ANC youth league has a political and economic program to address these challenges. What are the analysts, big business, communists, and neo-liberal sycophants saying should be the alternative?”
I am, absolutely lost for words. I put a comma there because when I wrote ‘I am’, I thought, what do I write? No words can describe my praise and my congratulations to Thomas and his dear family. I haven’t known Thomas for long, but it feels like for the short time I’ve known him, I know him like he’s been someone I talk to everyday. By just, talking to someone on a occasion, I feel like I know him like no other.
Of the bloggers I regularly read and love, Jen (A Little Bird Told Me) and Reena (Fashion Daydreams) are the two that rock the coloured jean look in a way I can only dream of. Leaving me in my selection of black jeans (my favourite!) hoping that the darker denim look will be back on trend in no time!
Much as I dislike the idea of continuing to line George Lucas’ already over-flowing pockets how could I not go to see The Phantom Menace in 3D? Even if it wasn’t in 3D you would still find me buying my ticket. Star Wars needs to be seen on the big screen. The sound, the music, the effects!
By contrast freezing completely, irreversibly and immediately all military nuclear research and enrichment to 20 % will be met instantly by a freeze in imposing any additional sanctions in June.
I stood there and pondered
Professor: Is GOD all powerful ?
04. Jolene
When Philip came to get his brother and tell him about Jesus, Nathanael made a snap decision, just like…too often…me…and you.
So after my adventure in Vegas, I came back to Chicago, rested my legs for a day and then jumped on another plane, this time to Boston, aka Beantown. And now, I'm finally back in the Midwest to stay. I missed everyone!
... of course, now comes the editing and polishing of the rewrites, but I'm giving myself a week off first. I am super happy with the way things worked out: I definitely need to sand off the rough edges, but this is much closer to the original book I had in mind in terms of themes, worldbuilding, and voice. It is also much longer, which I knew it would be, but I'm still going to chop off as much as possible.
Nelson Sauvin IPA 6.8%
You know, the thinking, and daydreaming, and wondering, and talking to yourself, and researching, and dreaming, and obsessing and....
Congratulations. You have understood all the arguments about Islamic prejudice and discrimination.
Fax: +1.650.243.2750
Chop. Pour. Simmer. Who knew three simple steps could release the most magical aroma into the air?
a motif because I either forgot to stitch it right side
Harsh chocolate and smooth flavor, kind of bitter as well. Moderately hopped and the chocolate is more like chocolate powder. I am pleasantly surprised with the crisp finish. High 3 Star.
Well, while some of my friends knew this was likely a joke (i have hinted at a SK move for quite some time), others totally fell for it. The few people that i do know in SK seemed really excited. I even started getting new friend requests from SK residents! Likewise, there was a series of public and private e-mails from Newfoundlanders wishing me well, and expressing sadness that i was leaving.
Fellow follower of Jesus…are you growing? Really growing? Have you moved on from milk…from being fed fed by hand…to solid food from the Word? Or are you still starving yourself all week, waiting for Sunday morning and wondering, all the while, why is it so hard to follow Jesus? Why don’t I seem to be getting anywhere?
I wince a bit when Michelle Obama chides her husband as a mere mortal -- a comic routine that rests on the presumption that we see him as a god.
It is fitting that all three kinds of smoking tobacco involve the use of fire, for each relates to the soul’s responsiveness to reason, and fire, at least from the days of Prometheus, is especially emblematic of reason. But there are also nonhuman parts to the human soul. The growth of our hair and fingernails, for example, is due to the soul’s activity, yet is not responsive to rational instruction.
HOW HE CELEBRATES HIS REDEMPTION: sings (or at least as close to singing as Walter Matthau could come), gets kissed on the cheek by a little girl, actually smiles
Jake thought about this a while. Then, he looked towards the white painted wooden doors where the Geek Squad worked, “Did anyone stop you?”
18. Just messin around with my new app
rock, the timbres, textures and treatments that can't be
So, off I went looking at machines. The first one that I liked was a Bernette 20. But, I'm old school when it comes to sewing machines & have to test drive more than one.
The vocalists soak up the ambient nightclub-y vibe of the rhythm section – driven with loving perfection by drummer Teppo Makynen throughout – and several prominent soloists enhance the jazzy groove of the whole thing like tenor saxist Tim Warfield (“Love From The Sun”), trumpeter Till Brönner (gorgeous on “Here,” “Temple of Far East”) and even Conte himself (briefly on “Mystery of You,” “Shiva”).
Say and see
Some educators say that a cell phone is disruptive. I’d rather have a cell phone go off any day than the stuff that goes on in my classroom each day.
They warn of delays of up to one hour on key Tube routes. The Central and Jubilee lines will be worst hit as these are will used to take spectators eastwards to the Olympic Park in Stratford.
marveled to hear so clear
Awards:
B. Nights are warmer than days. YES if the warming was caused by the sun, daytime temperatures would be warmer than nights. Climate models predicted that global warming caused by fossil fuels would cause nights to be, on average, warmer than days. That is also happening.
Her neighbour Peter loves maps – mostly because they all lead away from this small town he is trapped in. Born on the day of his mother’s death, bookish and quiet Peter doesn’t relate to his sports-loving, beer-drinking, poker-playing town sheriff of a father. He works hard with a goal to apply for a good college, but more importantly, a college far away from where he is so that he and his father don’t have to live their awkward, stilted existence any longer. When Emma calls him requesting help on her road trip, he doesn’t hesitate to join her, if they can visit a few places he wants to see too.
Hope you all have a wonderful day wherever you are.
So, I wait..
Let the vampires stay in their world, and let Dick and Jane stay in theirs. Let grown-ups stay in their world, and let kids stay in theirs. The mixing of the two, in this instance, is just too weird.
3. Leave a DIRECT LINK to your creation via Mister Linky by the due date-July 7, 2010.
Wells said he is excited about the common ownership for several reasons.
In foisting cases, the State Government’s motive, Dr. Ramanathan says, is not restoring law and order or apprehending offenders. Rather it is to shut people up. “Because, they know even if all the cases fall at the end of the day it doesn’t matter, because they’ve had their purpose served. You can beat people up, you can put them away. It’s a total abuse of a power that actually doesn’t exist, but which they have managed to cultivate for themselves.”
“Oil spills can kill large numbers of animals by covering them in oil, and create long-term contamination that can affect populations and ecosystems for decades”.
Worker detained for hiding broken glass in lettuces
Just For You!
You can purchase a 12-pack online for $4.99 in a variety of colors and give yourself a break from cleaning yogurt smeared on high chairs, dropped on the floor and all over the toddler! You'll be thrilled with this great product!
I've been posting late, my routine is off...
We passed a plethora of fashionable youths before deciding (as the sun finally set) to get some food. We found a conveyor belt sushi restaurant and sat down for dinner. This one was bar style (like rubens in Miami) and we sat next to a kid and his father (we think it was his father, were not sure). I enjoyed some more roe and tempura while drinking hot green tea (it comes in powder form there, which you mix with the hot water). The kid was pretty funny as he grabbed almost everything that passed by him. I was much more frugal and ended up with only three small plates worth. Its amazing how many plates some people had accumulated (10 or more!).
T, still shaken from the whole incident, said she had half-woken up to M wandering around the room in the dark. He wandered into the closet and then started banging around and shouting "ARE YOU SERIOUS? ARE YOU SERIOUS, T?!?!?" etc., and so T not being properly awake, she got frightened and started screaming, and then M started screaming louder.
After much thought regarding pizza making some serious changes are in the pipeline. Our setup at present restricts us to shows and the like; of which half this year are worth going back too. And assuming we get a lot more shows to fill the gaps a decent profit will still be a hard thing to turn in order to support the wife and 5 kids.
I’m not believing this, please read and let me know if I’m over reacting or simply out of touch with the latest employment forms and procedures!
The researchers found that when swearing, participants’ heart rates and ability to tolerate pain increased, whilst their perception of pain decreased. This was not true for all males, which the authors hypothesise is attributable to the higher rate of swearing typical amongst men. The response elicited by swearing is similar to when our fight or flight instinct kicks in, suggesting it serves a positive function in pain management.
And now. I promised.
As a society, we have become so dependent on material things for our happiness that our lives would become completely disrupted without them. When things are on shaky ground, we pray to God to protect what we have. We reach out to God and expect Him to keep things as they are or fix them and make everything all right. God becomes our plumber who's supposed to fix things when they go wrong. This need-based spirituality is all right, but it's a bit superficial.
White Sesame seeds - 3 tbsp
(1/2t) * 10 + (1/2t) * 5 = 20
Autumn is on the way , soon the parks will be full of dried up leaves, the tree in front will be bare but strikingly beautiful in that bareness and the tree in back will be naked and we can see the birds better.
Doesn’t sound too promising, Days fans.
"Fall-down shoes! Very bad, very bad! Fall down! Aurghhhhhhhhhhh!"
Why do I do this? It’s not that I don’t want to write. It’s not that I don’t value my writing. It’s just that, every time I am about to sit down and write, there is a school assembly, an extra work meeting, a karate grading, or a cake sale I have to attend and naturally, of all the juggling balls that can be moved, it’s the writing. And, once I have got out of the habit of writing it becomes easy to think, oo, I’ll just pop a wash on. Or oo that downstairs cupboard really needs cleaning out. Or, oo, I wonder what’s happening on Twitter.
This weeks theme is Soundtracks! I was really excited when I saw this was the theme for the week because I have always loved soundtracks! I always hear songs in movies or tv shows that I love and end up downloading them. Gooveshark wonk load for me today so I'm going to use youtube videos! It might be more fin for this theme anyways since a lot of my picks are musicals! :)
Level 8: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 80 seconds, 51% chance to not get knocked back.
The birdie & branch are actually sparkly in real life, as they're stamped with frost white shimmer paint, coloured with reinkers. The colours are concord crush, melon mambo & lucky limeade. The spotted paper & flower swirl papers are from the Cheerful Treat hostess only DSP pack & are one of my fave papers from this year. The happy birthday wishes image is from the fab Petite Pairs set.
If you know anything of my reading habits, you know that good writing is paramount. If a book is badly written -- no matter how interesting the topic -- I usually can't finish it. This book was well written. The author, Linda Berdoll, apparently is a huge (there's that image again) fan of Jane Austen and actually did some research for this book both into the language and the historical times. I thought it was interesting to have the familiar characters placed in a historical context -- the end of the reign of mad King George, the Napoleonic Wars -- for surely intelligent characters like Darcy and Elizabeth would have had some interest in the world around them (once they got out of bed, off of the floor, back from the lovely sun-dappled copse on the Pemberly grounds …)
Good morning, loves! And happy Thursday!
‘But a temporary VAT cut would help pensioners and others on low incomes who don’t pay income tax.’
Kat might be in way over her head, but she’s not going down without a fight. After all, she has her best friend — the gorgeous Hale — and the rest of her crew with her as they chase the Cleopatra around the globe, dodging curses and realizing that the same tricks and cons her family has used for centuries are useless this time.
Now for the freebies. I received these from the various shops either as a freebie to entice me into their shop, or as part of my GWPs. Korean shops are amazingly generous when it comes to freebies and samples. I can get loads of samples just buy buying a single item! Way to get customer loyalty!! Our local stores can really learn from their Korean counterparts on this matter! My friend even has a specific Holika Holika store she returns to each time she’s in Korea (at least twice a year) because they are the most generous when it comes to samples.
Of course I am fully expecting for things to change just as they did with the first bathroom. We had no idea we would be putting in raised ceilings- but six pounds of extra drywall mud and one chandelier later here we are. I think thats part of the fun in renovating an old house, you always find surprises you weren't expecting.
We all gathered around the unconscious jobseeker and had photos
Here is our full lineup for SMF (But may have a surprise or 2 coming next week)
Jeff and Traci have danced fierce for three months. She’s been tied up, tied down and probed with more vegetables then she’d ever eaten. Traci has stayed at Jeff’s apartment for days in a row and has missed so much work, she’ll probably be fired soon. Jeff has lied to her so many times she’s forgotten what reality is: she clings to him, desperately, for her biggest fear is being alone.
Call your local post-office or a bank and ask them if they are open, if they ask why tell them because it’s your birthday.
I would much rather be planting out my own stuff but for now this will have to do
Did you watch my goofy video from yesterday’s post yet? Yeah, yeah I hear y’all…you feel sorry for my hubby & all that…whatever…he loves us and puts up with us so its all good…sometimes he acts like a grumpy elf but we love him anyways. AND YES my son laughs just like Anderson Cooper….click here to listen to Anderson (if you never saw this video of Anderson I DARE you to not laugh cuz its funny even the 100th time you watch it & scroll down to watch the video from yesterday. All I have to say is that we know how to entertain ourselves very EASILY in the Dean family LMBO!!
STEVEN TYLER:
I imagine the hubris of the local ‘wicked-haad’ populace might be hard to stomach, but it will be enlightening to say the least.
My Sugar is So Refined, The Hi-Lo’s
Hello friends! It's been rather cold and drab weather here lately. Not very spring-like, and very windy too.
'In some species, males devote more effort to seeking mating opportunities. In other species, they devote more effort to assisting their offspring. In each species, males evolve to use the strategy that most promotes their fitness.
My liver enzymes encountered a slight bump in my labs the other week. Why do we care? High enzymes can indicate rejection. The team raised my Prograf (unfortunately) by 0.5mg twice/day to a total of 2mg twice/day. As a refresher, Prograf is an immunosuppressant anti-rejection medication, and it is no fun because it causes tremors, hair loss, fatigue, and I’m starting to think kidney damage. I’ve been reading around the internet and journals and it’s my personal opinion that over time, it damages the kidneys. My last CT scans revealed a sub-centimeter cyst on one of my kidneys. The kidney transplant surgeon said it was benign, but reading stories and other information is starting to freak me out. I just try to keep my mind from going there. I’ll get my labs redrawn tomorrow, and hopefully the additional Prograf has corrected whatever was going on.
I've had this on my must-read ARCs shelf for a very long time, and I'm happy that I actually read it during the month that it came out! And, to top it off, I really enjoyed it! Yay!
Flash mobs bearing anti-Lynas placards and Bersih 3.0′s “Duduk Bantah” banners have been mushrooming in and around Miri, Sibu and Kuching in the run-up to tomorrow’s rally.
The first thing to note about this book is that it is waaaaaay out of date. It was written in 1996, so it was already ten years old when I bought it, and the information hasn't gotten any fresher. This was written before the housing bubble even got very bubbly, and definitely before it popped. Interest rate estimates are way out of whack compared to the super low rates we've seen lately. And most of all, there is hardly any information about house buying / mortgage investigating / real estate searching on the internet. None of the resources in the appendix list web addresses, online mortgage applications and banking are seen as "iffy," and there are awkwardly phrased sections that try to give some advice if you are "Wired" but end up falling flat. Obviously Glink couldn't predict the future, but the lack of internet information really dates this book, and makes it call out for an updated edition.
Here is the mundane babbling part. July has been a month of artistic constipation--not so much that creative juices aren't flowing, I just don't have time to stop and let them out. Not healthy at all. I think I'm getting septic. We had a family reunion for a week, see below:
I thought this was a really clever idea, people could do something useful, but not actually have to DO a great deal, I mean you are shopping anyway, whats the hassle in throwing an extra can or jar in the trolley? Sometimes the best intentions get lost in the business of the season, so after my super chicken deal I figured I should add a few more items to my Mission basket, so along with Special K cereal I picked up a big jar of coffee and some Squiggle Tops, my personal fav choccie biscuit.
hoping to just get something part time
This coming from a girl who doesn’t even have allergies (as I say this, I hear my friend JK patiently explaining to me that these things can come on in your 20s, you know).
when he asked for a loaf of bread,
T. Neidl
David Tennant – The Doctor
Thanks to @emahlee for the link to the "save our journalists" campaign from Grist - journalists as endangered species who need organic tea - here's the video.
The joy of a newborn spirit within was challenged by the pain of rejection. Ironically, she was adopted into the family of God the same evening she was rejected by her own family. Knocking and calling did her no good. Shivering in the dark as tears flowed down her face, she curled up on the ground outside her front door trying to stay warm.
Let me know if there were any symptoms that you suffered from that I haven’t covered or any that you can relate to that stick in your mind.
I have a great feeling about this decision and I got the support of my whole family for it. What do you think?
I finally got my hands on a copy of Jan Eaton's 200 Crochet Blocks book!
On one of our days to come, there will be another test. You’d best have an answer prepared.
“You can re-use the covers and switch up the insert so you are saving on laundry and energy.”
I can’t tell you how many hours I’ve spent trudging through pastures this summer already collecting data and taking measurements. The great thing about forage agronomy research though is that I get to combine two things that I’m passionate about, cattle and forage. In no other area of agricultural research that I know of is their such an ability to interface these two things.
Almost makes up for not having a summer this year.
I know I had previously also mentioned that the little corner stand where I normally get my tree had sold out before I could get down there this year, leaving me facing a bit of a conundrum. I knew where another lot was that sold trees but they were expensive there and I could really use that $70-80 somewhere else right now; I am laid off. Plus, the trees had been shipped from quite a distance and did I really want to participate in that? I mean, I preach this buy local, buy local etc. all the time. Or perhaps, not buy at all? Shouldn't I practice what I preach? Of course, I should. This left me with really only one solution if I wanted a tree. Cut a local one and preferably from my own land. I mean, I do have about 18 acres. There are lots of trees on that much land.
Though we've tried to stand strong
Place: Mainway Arena Auditorium, Burlington
- 1 nice ball gown
Factor B brown brown
The engine design was created by another German Engineer by the name of Felix Wankel. The first working prototype of the engine was completed in 1957. While the Wankel (some may know it by the incorrect slang term “rotary”) design is based upon the same 4 cycles it achieves this by a completely different means.
-string
Than that pinned-up Miss December heaven.
Poe’s story is, of course, ‘The Black Cat’, which was first published in 1843 in an edition of The Saturday Evening Post. As its Wikipedia entry rightly suggests, it is “a study of the psychology of guilt” in which “a murderer carefully conceals his crime and believes himself unassailable, but eventually breaks down and reveals himself, impelled by a nagging reminder of his guilt.” Because the narrator is unreliable, we cannot be certain whether the cat that returns is truly the cat he killed (Pluto) or whether it is simply another cat (which is really the more logical explanation). Whatever supernatural aspects the cat seems to possess are entirely attributed by the unhinged narrator, and yet the reader’s own awareness of the superstitions surrounding cats fuels their slight sliver of doubt and induces terror.
“I guess its flattery when well-intentioned people call me a young Chaney. I don’t mean to minimize his art, he’s a master. But we choose our characters differently. Chaney likes to enact the grotesque. I take my characters from the street, real types everyone recognizes. I’ve been playing these characters on stage for nearly 20 years."
8. Marie Callendar's Cobblers
Perhaps POTUS is the most powerful celebrity, perhaps he is the most powerful elected official, perhaps he is the most powerful public relations icon. But he is not the most powerful man in the world. Nor, as I have heard several times lately, is he the most powerful man in the solar system. I can’t even imagine the foolish minds that come up with this stuff.
The most striking feature was the number of masks being worn, or scarves carefully pulled almost up to meet headgear, so that only eyes peaked out! You may try to intimidate us, was the message from the young men and women alike, but you can’t stop us!
I guess you could include F****** A in the above but the F here alludes principally to the façade, floors and other fixtures and finishes. But firstly, the finishing and the closure of yet another chapter in my working life. The teaching year in Barcelona is beginning to wind down and I have started to say my goodbyes to ‘students’ some of whom I have known since I started teaching four years ago. Goodbyes uttered on a scale starting from the very poor English, to Spanglish and through to the very good. Along the way I have inadvertently picked up some good friends, got a good insight into Spanish and Catalan life and culture and would say that it has truly been one of the most enjoyable work experiences in my somewhat chequered career. The life of the peripatetic teacher is coming to a close. For my part, the teaching was largely learnt ‘on the hoof’ and one quickly learnt that students initially knew a sight more than the teacher about grammar and its associated terminology. Ultimately, the teaching was the easy part. It h
“There was lot of consideration on how to use these vents, and on balance people generally felt the way they were installed was the preferred way,” he said.
Gothy, moody, and a chronic cutter, but her dad was in the military and her mom was a raging lush who almost burnt their house down, so can you really blame her? Then her gay best friend tried to use her as his beard instead of coming out of the closet. She also had ambitions to be a journalist. Over the years she got less gothy and started dating her hot college newspaper editor when she went to University, but then he cheated on Ellie with her very own mentor. In typical spurned girl fashion she got drunk and proceeded to call now-former mentor a slut at a public Q&A. Awesome sauce. Ellie was last seen frolicking in Hollywood and running away from her problems of dealing with her dad’s PTSD, but in the end, she made amends with her parents.
Tweet for Princes! To celebrate the publication of The Hero's Guide to Saving Your Kingdom by Christopher Healy, Walden Pond Press is giving away an e-reader of the winner's choice AND a selection of Princes Liam, Gustav, Frederic, and Duncan's favorite e-books! The winner may select
So here is the challenge, based totally on the Nick Bantock books.
While people’s movements are taking on the mining giants, Maoist guerrillas are also active in this region. Though some villagers have been drawn to them, many are alienated by their acts of indiscriminate violence – attacking and derailing trains carrying ordinary, not particularly well-off, citizens, for example, or sporadically killing not only police and paramilitary officers but also Adivasi villagers and taking hostages to try to negotiate freedom for Maoist prisoners. Their approach to the multinational companies is contradictory, while they have attacked an Essar pipeline, for example, they have also been exposed (by WikiLeaks) for taking protection money from the same company. While both Essar and Maoists spokespersons have denied this, some local people say the news is merely a confirmation of what they had long suspected.
In this article we investigate controlling the NXP (formerly Philips) SAA1064 4-digit LED display driver IC with Arduino and the I2C bus interface. If you are not familiar with using the I2C bus, please read my tutorials (parts one and two) before moving on. Although the SAA1064 is not the newest on the market, it is still popular, quite inexpensive and easy to source. Furthermore as it is controlled over the I2C bus – you don’t waste any digital I/O pins on your Arduino, and you can also operate up to four SAA1064s at once (allowing 16 digits!). Finally, it has a constant-current output – keeping all the segments of your LED display at a constant brightness (which is also adjustable). So let’s get started…
The card I'm showing is made for our son. As he likes Japan so much I thought he might like a dragon. I had some fabric (I bought it ages ago)with the image which I put on doublesided glue foil and cut the image. After that I just put it on the card which is black and some gold paper on top and black again on the gold paper. I made the eyes pop with some gold coloured rhinestones.
It is not difficult to bake one. Here are the tips to make a perfect pie crust:
MAY GOD GRANT ME: the power to accept that I am not God and I can not solve all my problems myself. I am powerless.
I mean my head works better at night, I can see more clearly, be a bit more artistic in the way I work…. I’m trying to think of the word I’m looking for… but it’s gone… seems to happen more and more these days. I think it’s when you reach 40.
Katheryn has been asking for snow for weeks! She wants to make snow angels and throw snow balls. We saw the little flakes of snow on the ground and Katheryn was so excited!
Zander was supposed to tell us what color it was....
So, what’s this competition all about?
I embarked on a hike with 6 locals and another tourist across a mountain. The 8 hour hike was exhausting but beautiful. We even stopped at a friend of theirs that lived in the mountain and survived solely on panning for gold. The 8 hours ended at a lovely beach where we made dinner and slept on the sand for the night. Waking up to the sound of red macaws overhead was the best wake-up call I’ll likely ever have. Too bad they move too fast for pictures!
I told the group that I did not expect this result, but would remain observant and open. Howard nodded in agreement. One should always keep in mind, however, that it is wise to be careful what we ask for, for we may truly receive it, and the gift of the genii is never what it seems.
Did you enjoy Thor? Leave your thoughts in a comment below!
He arrived at the University of California at Davis, where he met with the chair of the enology department and explained that he wanted to become a winemaker. Impressed with Eberle's credentials, the professor admitted him to the doctoral program without the usual qualifying exam.
The disability lobby says that the state-owned Remploy, which offers employment in their factories for people with disabilities, is outdated and disabled people do not want to work in such “segregated employment”. Yet with the unemployment figures growing almost daily, over a million youth unemployed and 13 jobs being lost in the public sector to every one made in the private sector, the stark truth is that most working-class people with disabilities would love a chance for employment, either in a Remploy factory or anywhere else for that matter.
Interesting the variety of conversations going on around the question of our looks as we confront them from various perspectives in middle age (I'm getting to the outer edges of "middle age" with my 60th birthday looming next year, but I'm still clinging to that definition -- one step at a time, right?).
Meanwhile, a solicitor called Sophie Khan is whipping up a Twitter storm to try to ‘out’ Inspector Gadget, following this post, where he (or she) calls her out on her suggestion that all police officers are racists and members of the BNP. Interesting, not least because there are several thousand black and Asian officers in the police. Insulting, too; Copperfield is married to an Indian, Bloggs is no racist and Gadget could not be a BNP supporter for reasons I won’t go into. Plus, if s/he was, we wouldn’t publish her/him. Ms Khan isn’t the first to try to find the good Inspector, and I doubt she’ll be the last. (If you’re reading this, I have a price, Sophie: £50k should do it.)
To introduce this piece would be an exercise in futility as well as boring and pointless. So, I won’t introduce it. I’ve decided to add this intro graph, which is itself boring and pointless because that’s the way I write. Some advice on writing that one already-successful author listed was to write like you were writing to a friend, not a peer or adversary or teacher. Some better advice would be to write without trying to do anything, the only real writing and the only good writing is writing that transfers from your neurons to your nerves and into your fingers, or hand if you’re writing long form, with ease and with honesty. The moment you start trying to do something that didn’t already occur to you is the moment you failed as a writer.
Prefab Sprout 'Lions In My Own Garden (Exit Someone)' (1982)
Mei-chan no Shitsuji
snaking conduits of slick poison,
Going to the USPS site, I found this warning. In short, it says to NOT open these emails as unwanted viruses will attack and possibly steal information. Delete the email and everything will be fine.
If you regularly read book (or film or TV or other media - but most especially book) reviews of any kind, whether in magazines or on Amazon and Goodreads or on book review blogs, you will more than likely (more than likely) have come across the term Mary-Sue. If you don't already know what the term means, you might have tried to work out the meaning using the context in which the term was used. But, because hardly any of the people throwing this term around themselves understand what it means, you'll have a tough time of it. Even if you've read a hundred reviews talking about Mary-Sue characters, you probably still don't know for sure, although you'll have gotten the idea that Mary-Sue = bad news. Bad character. Bad writing. BAD WRITER, NO COOKIE!
I was in one of those trendy nature shops when he called. The kind that sells $80.00 organic flip flops and educational children toys. Some kids had just crashed into wind chimes. "Just a wind chime store," I answered him. I was not going to waste these precious few minutes I had with him describing the store filled with something called "17 Countries, 1 Bra." As soon as his boat left, we would be without total contact for a week.
Anyway, as winter turned into spring, people started to wonder what was going on with Pride. A reporter from the Western Star contact me, of all people, to inquire about the state of affairs of CB Pride. I made it clear that I had been contacted by Corbet asking for my help, and that I had agreed in principle, but that the communication had abruptly stopped before any formal agreement or transfer of duties had occurred.
When listening to the podcast you will also notice when Karl says something vaguely humorous or outrageous - Ricky will do a very over-the-top laugh. This might even be something you would have noticed if you've heard the guys on the radio before or seen them on TV. What Karl says is usually funny anyway, but Ricky's laughter subconsciously makes you want to laugh out loud too (take this from someone who was listening to this podcast on a coach to London, desperately trying to suppress laughter to avoid looking weird to other passengers).
Cook time:10 minutes
What do you do when everything gets too much? Are you a list person, or do you just get in and do it? Perhaps my biggest problem is being a procrastinator; instead of doing I've listed what I should be doing. I won't like to you - I feel a weight has been lifted… for today at any rate!
MARISOL: Get out of here, Mom.
I visited my favorites, and saw a few other fellows that we missed before, like the Wallaby. So cute!
Skálmöld is an Icelandic metal band formed in August 2009. The six members had been formerly active in other bands, not all metal. Their music can be described as a powerful, melodic and epic Viking Metal, along with various folk influences. The lyrics follow the strict rules of traditional Icelandic poetry.
"Pamela Geller is the anti-Muslim movement's most visible and flamboyant figurehead," according to a profile published by SPLC on its web site. "She's relentlessly shrill and coarse in her broad-brush denunciations of Islam and makes preposterous claims."
C: Fundamentalists are to Catholics as California drivers are to Montanans. Yes, that is my name. My name is C. As for “f**king moron,” that’s not D’s name.
Quilting ideas; meandering stitch allover the quilt with a free motion foot; use a walking foot and stitch a grid pattern; draw the design on tissue paper, pin it to the quilt and use it as a guide-removing the tissue paper when finished; stitch columns and stitch across rows to stabilize the quilt and quilt a free form design inside the squares; tie the quilt with embroidery floss every 4-5 inches; stitch diagonally across the quilt; use masking tape or blue painters tape to mark the line on the quilt and stitch along the tape–being careful not to catch the tape in the stitches; quilt as you go–layer each shirt with top, back and batting–quilt like a small quilt leaving the edges unquilt for 2 inch around the block. The blocks will the attached to each other and the resulting seam will be covered with a fabric binding.
1 flash
Last week, I took him to the ER and I thought at the time that it was mostly stress and depression. Since they didn't find anything too substantial wrong with him and sent him home. He's been up and down emotionally since he chose to give his dog to his friend, Chuck. Each day this week I have not been sure what I was going to come home to. Each night has been a challenge to get him situated in bed. He says he's fine but he's not.
For The Sake of Levity
Once old enough, he studied under the celebrated sculptor Augustus Saint-Gaudens, and at the Art Students League and the National Academy of Design. He went to Paris in 1884, where he studied at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts and won the prestigious Prix de Atelier.
Subject: Re: OMG!!
Rank: Seasoned
Technology & Internet
Everything at je & jo is made by hand in their little Hell’s Kitchen spot and then peddled around town on tricycles. They use fresh ingredients, as locally sourced as possible. They even use wind power for their kitchen and package the ice cream in compostable sugarcane fiber cups.
1 cup of all-purpose flour
So he could hardly have been clearer there that it was not government per se that he opposed but rather the type of government -- tyrannical government versus government that was respectful of the individual. Who could deny the importance of such a difference? Another quote:
In order to ensure your notes are not only read, but also understood, follow these tips:
General Charles E. Wilhelm, USMC (Ret.)
Hi my bloggy friends today begins a brand new challenge over at Stamp-n-Doodle with the theme of circles or ovals. The DT has come up with some wonderful inspiration using a few different images this week so you have a bit more diversity than usual. I think you will enjoy this week's challenge so why not come on over and play with us?! Plus there is always a prize... we know how we feel about prizes don't we? Sooooo... You have until 11:59 PM March 26th to get your entry in, and as always it would be nice if you use a Stamp-n-Doodle image but it's not required.
"In any case, you're a prosecution witness. They will try to present it as a deliberate, murderous attack, and it's not in your interest to introduce interpretations like this one."
He agrees that the John Duval Eligo is the standout drop here, for the price if not the flavour. E@L parts with $200 and departs with two bottles.
It’s evening in a Cambridge MA supermarket. A customer approaches the checkout stand with a heavily laden cart; over the stand is a sign: “12 Items or Fewer”. When the customer reaches the cashier, she perceives that he is an undergraduate. She gives him a certain look, sighs, and says, “Well, either you’re from Harvard, and you can’t count; or you’re from MIT, and you can’t read.”
There is also a bike/walking path which goes from the swimming pool then back down along the beach, past where the Spirit of Tasmania is berthed (when not sailing) over a bridge and down the other side of the river - lots of kms.
— 8:47 (shockingly, I went reeeally slow on the runs)
I do like Joe Haldeman’s Forever trilogy – Forever War especially was a very interesting read, especially in context with Starship Troopers (the book) which was written at a similar time. And then of course Forever Peace‘s “What the Bitch?” ending was actually pretty funny… Forever Free though I just couldn’t get into. It was set in the same ‘universe’ as the first two books, but it was more about setting the scene for certain events and people that you encounter within the first book, and it just felt really disjointed and stand-alone – there’s barely any mention to the ‘Forever War’, despite the fact that it’s supposed to be raging across the cosmos at the time. Anyway, enough of that – I have an announcement to make:
Around a year a go I started begging God to show me his will, to show me what he wanted me to do. I begged him to please help me to step by step follow him. What I didn't realize at the time was that step by step is a lot harder. You see God doesn't show you the steps ahead of time. It's just one step and then you wait till he shows you the next one. A lot of times you are about to step where you think he wants you to and then suddenly theres a wall there and you can't get through. At first I feel sad and confused. God didn't you want us to go that way? But then I thank God. Haven't I been praying he would show us the way? Isn't putting walls up and closing doors a way of showing the way? But what happens when more doors are closing then are opening? Does that mean we haven't found the right one or does it mean we were wrong all along? I don't know all the answers but I do know one thing and that is one step at a time we must walk by faith. We can't see whats ahead and most likely because it would scare us. When we say to God we want
I love this blueberry muffin recipe from Angela at Oh She Glows. Before vegan Lent started, I’d never baked muffins without eggs, so I was a little nervous about how these would turn out. Fortunately, they didn’t disappoint. I recommend serving the muffins warm with a bit of Earth Balance spread, soy chai lattes and a Sunday paper.
We went down into the citadel and ran all over, collecting discover experience, killing named mobs (for no AA most of the time… hrmph), and generally doing what good adventurers do… messing up the homes of others.
Some of the new stuff I've learnt is interesting. Some of it is opinion dressed up as fact. Some of it is a bit obvious and some, a bit banal.
I try to take a deep breath but my heart is pounding too fast... Fresh air .. I need fresh air... How much further? I stop to listen for the footfalls of the person I know to be ahead of me.. At first all I can hear is my own heart thumping loudly in my chest., but then.. YES!! I can hear them.. Tap tap tap and then mercifully.. The slam of a door... The top... The top must be near.. I push on and up and finally swing open the door to my freedom.. My lungs thank me for my perseverance .. My eyes thank me for the feast laid out in front.. A view of all of Paris from the highest point in the city! Thank goodness I was ignorant of my phobia or I might not have attempted the climb ...The reward was worth the torture!!
Arkansas had the final neither here nor there victory over Oklahoma was ecstatic, leapfrogging over Texas to claim the volunteer tulsa oklahoma over Purdue 49-0, 1st-ranked Oregon over UCLA 60-13, 4th-ranked TCU over Air Force 38-7, 9th-ranked Utah over Colorado State 59-6, 15th-ranked Arizona over Washington 44-14, 7th-ranked Alabama over Tennessee 41-10, 23rd-ranked Virginia Tech over Duke 44-7, and 25th-ranked Miami-FL over North Carolina 33-10.
The aerial combat rules cover Grappling, Boarding, Melee, Scuttling and Prizes, and a timely example removed my one concern about clarity. These mean pure air battles become more viable and fun, though do need a little recording of relative strengths on board each vessel, if not on paper then perhaps with spare counters or unused models.
From our lectures and information gathered in class, we know that shopping is much different in Spain than throughout their neighboring European countries. Whereas countries like France and the United Kingdom prefer larger hypermarket shopping centers like malls and one-stop style grocery stores, Spain once again falls back on its communal roots, preferring smaller traditional markets and specialty stores when shopping for goods. They favor a more personalized experience, where the product is handcrafted and possesses an amount of heritage and intrinsic value. Our car then will not be sold on giant mega-lots. Instead the car will be sold through smaller, more personal shops. The seller will work one-on-one with buyer in a very informal fashion, attempting first to get to know one another, maybe over coffee and a small lunch before attempting to make a sale. Since these locations will be small and personalized for each community, the seller will only have a few cars in inventory at a time, meaning the buyer will likely have to wait fo
Children are to obey their parents, as long as their parents are asking them to do things within the limits of the Word of God. If your father or mother orders you to steal or murder, then you do not have to obey them because you must be obedient to the clear teaching of the Word of God. The same applies to wives being submissive to their husbands.
14: Hell hath no fury like…
That’s when the magic happened.
C. … forever.
2 1/3 cup of flour
May 23, 1999
Mix lemonade concentrate and powdered sugar.
into a comfortable blanket
I think this might be fun. For me, definitely; I started setting up the Pinterest site today; I can see already that this could be a very addictive thing for me! Hopefully for readers too. I’m still getting to know Pinterest, but ideally I’d ultimately like to do something where people could sort of vote for, say, the one dress out of all the Pinterest pics, that they most envision as Jessica’s (maybe just “like” it on Pinterest?) And then I could keep a running tally on perhaps my Facebook Author page (once it’s up and running again) and/or my Goodreads page, as to the results. Just a fun thing to do, if anybody feels like it (and a way to link people into my Author pages).
1-2 T Dijon mustard
Finally it would not be a true discussion of the First Lady's support for young designers without brining up her love for Thakoon. A favorite of Anna Wintour, Thakoon has quickly become one of New York and CFDA/Vogue Fashion Fund's greatest success stories. The First Lady brought great recognition to Thakoon by wearing it constantly on the campaign trail and to various events.
Pack up all the stuff you haven't felt like you'd need to pack yet, because guess what, you do. And throw away or make a donate box for anything you might not need.
Of course it was the reaction of people, in both the mainstream media and social media, that brought this issue to international attention, so let us play an oh-so-modest part in that reaction with this little batch of words and a song.
How stupid is it to cover miles of land, far from any urban center, with hundreds of solar panels or huge, ugly wind turbines that kill thousands of birds every year?
5) Organic baby food: Yes or No? No. Organic isn’t a big thing here in Brazil. Fresh and local is very common, and he’s tasted that food. Boxed, and pre-made food is slowly gaining ground here, but it is not the standard, at least in my husband’s family and they’ve taught me how to make their food. I rarely make the American foods I used to because the ingredients are just not available or ridiculously expensive. Boxed cereal runs R$ 7-9 for small boxes with maybe 10 servings.
Today, we celebrate World Down Syndrome Day! We celebrate the fact that our boys were born with one extra copy of their 21st chromosomes and because of that 1 little chromosome, God is allowing them to become our sons. We have a lot to celebrate this 3-21! We also have a lot more to accomplish. There are still so many children who wait to be celebrated. If you don't do anything else to recognize World Down Syndrome Day, would you head over to Reece's Rainbow and check out the kids who are still waiting to be chosen. The ones who long to be celebrated. Next year, you could have your own extra chromosomes to celebrate!
After sharing gift early in the morning, my daughter and I had a nice big breakfast. I had surprised her with a dress, a pair of shoes and some bracelets to wear. Thankfully, she loved everything and wore it all. We went to my sisters house for a brunch. My mom wanted to spend the day with her kids and grandkids. We do this every year. We had such a great time. I took my camera and between all the exchanging of gifts, the food and just talking I forgot to take pictures. If my sister has any I will post them later.
16. I Keep Mine Hidden (Smiths, a B-side to a single)
the graceful shadow of a yin Buddha’s face
Look, for those of you still consumed by indignation, a few points to mull over:
Bugger – Literally sodomist. Just a mild expletive.
Then who else will be
இனிய பொங்கல் நல்வாழ்த்துகள்
Meanwhile-the last two weeks have been FREEZING in my office. The building is comfortable overall, but for some reason, my office and Ryan's office next door have been like a meat locker! Ryan actually had his coat on for a few days!!! It's complete insanity...an office should never be this cold.
Now it's time to announce the Design Team!!!
Getting There
Leave room for mystery.
that shredded all we meant to say
Reading Magazines Backwards
It's a great recycling project . I only use old T. shirts that are too damaged or stained to be passed on.....
Despite all of these things - the one thing which will stay with me for ever are the friends I have made along the way. There are 5 of us who regularly run the Pack - me and one other every week, the other 3 pop in and out to help keep the adult : child ratio correct but have also done their fair share of every week as well over the years, but now due to proper job and life commitments, have had to reduce the amount of time they can share with us.
The imagination, however, is still its own realm. Like many authors, I’ve been on the road this last month, visiting the many schools who have been having their annual Book Week. (Why do they all choose March? But that’s another issue.)
19. Enables the release of over 6,000 patents of suppressed technologies that are being withheld from the public under the guise of national security, including free energy devices, antigravity, and sonic healing machines.
Ink: Walnut Stain Distress ink by Ranger
Early packaging was in returnable bottles, a popular move in the conscious community of Chico. When they wanted to expand outside of Chico another method was needed. The “Heritage” bottle was chosen because all of the other designs available then were proprietary. Kegging began when they acquired some of A-B's old bung-sided Golden Gate kegs for $15 each.
Each cheese has a green label identifying the type of cheese, the Queseria Bendita brand name, and a date code up to and including “Apr 30 2010″.
The better players adopt techniques to minimise these unwanted string, instrument handling and electrical interference noises. They take practice and hence they become habits. Here are seven of them:
So go plunge your local Goodwill today. You’ll find something you’ll treasure, I guarantee it.
Do you even need a formal grammar program?
If you would like to see how summer is treating other gardeners, (and if they like the color orange as much as I do) then you need to stop by May Dreams Gardens where hostess Carol throws a monthly party called Garden Bloggers Bloom Day. While you are there please thank her for all the effort.
Mr Nainby - Nick Hobbs
c.b.w. 2012
that locks me down into its prison cell.
Everyone else is taking time to post their thought so might as well do what all the cool kids are doing!
Let there be a soft smile on your face, Let your speech be truthful and pleasant, Let there be restraint in emotions, in indulgence; Let there not be excesses anywhere-
In a medium bowl, combine the first 5 ingredients. Cover and set aside for 5 hours, 8 hours maximum.
In his book The Secret Team: The CIA and Its Allies in Control of the United States and the World, Col. Fletcher Prouty, who was the briefing officer to the President of the US from 1955-1963, writes about “an inner sanctum of a new religious order.” By the phrase Secret Team he means a group of “security-cleared individuals in and out of government who receive secret intelligence data gathered by the CIA and the National Security Agency (NSA) and who react to those data.” He states: “The power of the Team derives from its vast intra-governmental undercover infrastructure and its direct relationship with great private industries, mutual funds and investment houses, universities, and the news media, including foreign and domestic publishing houses.” He further adds: “All true members of the Team remain in the power centre whether in office with the incumbent administration or out of office with the hard-core set. They simply rotate to and from official jobs and the business world or the pleasant haven of academe.”
Life is so ironic.
-look for radishes with one whorl of large leaves (not a whole clump, which signifies an older plant), and take a look at the root underneath before you dig it up. It should be smooth and white or pink–not woody and dry, although some good roots look dry on top, so peek down under soil level. We found some very nice large radishes with appealing leaves and roots growing under the protection of fennel plants, so that might be a place to start.
Lincoln set abominable precedents in a time when standing on the principles this country was founded on should have been of utmost importance. The lack of noble leadership from the Lincoln Party uprooted this country into a war that was hardly necessary and set up martial law during a precarious and atrocious time known as the Reconstruction Era following the War between the States. Thankfully, the only thing standing in the way of Lincoln’s agenda of seizing absolute power was the Constitution, which he avoided at all costs.
we passed our fellow campers who were taking full advantage
L: lol, and why is that?
As with the existence of ghosts, I try to keep an open mind. I have no logical explanation for the psychic who predicted I’d be a writer – he really couldn’t have known. So who’s to say there aren’t people who can contact the dead? Although there are plenty unscrupulous people making the same claim and I think that’s pretty low.
Have students read the mini book out loud in class by taking turns (each read a page) and take home to read to their parents. Students can also color mini book.
The chairman of the Trade Union Congress, Mr. Francis Oladele on behalf of the TUC and NLC, commended the governor for his administration’s welfare programmes. He also added that in the last two years of this administration, the workers in Osun State have benefited so much from the welfare programmes of the Governor.
After that I tried a mix of watercolor with a little bit of ink and tea. It takes longer than watercolor to dry, but the ‘ink’ felt good to sketch/paint with.
Drop teaspoonfuls of dough into confectioners' sugar and shape into balls. Place on a baking sheet and bake approximately 10 minutes.
While I was busy looking at all the flora, and probably walking funnily slow, I realised that I had bumped into somebody. It startled me and I started apologising even before I looked at them. It was a 2/3year old boy. Luckily he did not get hurt. The mother laughed at me and said like she would talk to a child, “It is not all your fault dear. Little Henry was as lost in looking at the nice plants as you. Aren’t they pretty?”.
Here are Aniket's contest guidelines:
Will anyone even notice? Have the GOP candidates – or any candidate for Congress, for that matter – devoted anything but token attention and interest to Afghanistan? No, they’re all breathlessly laying out plans to start a war with Iran, taking care to stand behind the podium to hide their erections. The war nobody paid attention to, fought for reasons Afghans didn’t understand and toward ends that Americans couldn’t define, will finally get the full attention of the political system…when the candidates decide that it will be a convenient excuse to call Obama a quitter, pansy, cheese-eating surrender monkey, and betrayer of the American way.
Eastwood & Saint Stop that train
Jewbelation is Shmaltz He’Brew’s annual anniversary ale, brewed for release during Hanukkah. It began with 8 in 2004. The 2010 release is 14, and as usual, the anniversary year corresponds with the number of malts and hops used to brew it, and the alcohol content by volume.
I went to tour the campus of the school for a couple of reasons. One being that I wanted to get myself excited about going to a four-year school and two, I wanted to see where the pool was so I had somewhere to swim this summer. Before the tour started, we all had to introduce ourselves because we are now going to be the best of friends for all of time and eternity just because we all went to this tour.
Today is April 15th. Did you do your taxes?
2 tbsp fresh mint, chopped
Cindy is generously offering a grand prize to one random winner! If you stop at every blog participating in this hop and leave a comment for each designer, you will be eligible to win three digital stamps and a set of 12 Prisma Colored Pencils. :o)
And broke a couple of bones.
Strengths: Super tracking abilities. No human can hide for long.
Positives: Eccentrics usually fall into one of two categories: those who choose to act eccentrically (because they can get away with it or because they want to thumb their nose at conventionality) and those who are compelled to do so (the mentally deficient). Either way, Eccentrics don't live by the rules and no one expects them to, so they are free to do pretty much what they want. They can get away with things that others can't, which is a nice little tool in the writer's arsenal. Because they are easily stereotyped, they are often underestimated or overlooked by society at large.
Wow, thank you all for another fabulous Make It Monday week! We just love seeing your creations and getting inspiration from all the different styles and projects! There are so many varied styles and interesting techniques to see... and last week was no exception.
When I was in my teens and early twenties I made loads of my clothes and altered vintage stuff. I had to really as at 6ft 1" most clothes in the 80's were far too short in the legs and arms so I looked a complete idiot in them. There's far more choice these days if you're tall, but it's so much more fun to make stuff in the fabric you really fancy at half the price.
And part of the reason I like that song is because I’m never quite sure what it means. What exactly is the singer inclined to believe? What good time never seemed so good? Good as what? When was that?
Half of a fresh lime
Sat the Rajah giving Sita a time card to clock.
And last I got a mug that looks like a camera lens! I shall bow wear my bracelets and take my mug to every photo session. I now have super powers and am a force to be reckoned with!
Nancy's Vintage Wedding Fabric Collage:
By the time I was sixteen or so, I began staying up all night with a notebook, scrawling “solutions” to what I felt were all the world’s problems. Needless to say, I wore myself out with this. I was expected, during this time, also, to be interested in boys and I was not in the least, in fact, I felt an attraction to one of my female friends. In the early 80s, in the suburbs, this was quite taboo. I did eventually meet some other gay friends but they were unhappy with being gay (one described being gay as “getting on the wrong train and being taken far out of your way”). This friend, however, noticed the severe depression I fell into the summer after I graduated from high school; I could barely function and could not eat or sleep. It felt as if my brain were stuffed with cotton. My adoptive family was away for the summer and they had never expressed much concern for me, anyway, even much earlier in my life. This friend brought me to his home for dinner so at least I would have a good meal and got me out of bed.
Washington Post ombudsman Patrick Pexton chides his newspaper (and implicitly other news media, including this news digest) for unquestioningly buying the incorrect story that the Justice Department paid $16 a piece for muffins at an immigration meeting in Washington, D.C. When the inspector general’s office said that in a report on Justice Department conference costs.
room with natural light. Enjoy your wood burning fireplace as you view your private fenced back yard. This home is spectacularly located just minutes to major commuter routes, VRE commuter lot, George Mason University, The Patriot Center also close proximity to Fairfax City and all it shopping, dining and entertainment choices.
If you have a favorite Wisconsin brewery or Wisconsin brew, please share that with us in the comment box. And if there is one you're curious about, ask. I will do my best, as daunting as it may be, to secure a representative sampling of their products and report back here. ("What do I need with another six pack of beer? It's research, Honey, research! My readers are counting on me.......")
6oz softened butter
The last six years of my life have been the best years. I can't even tell you how much I love that little boy, that is getting bigger by the moment. He puts a smile on my face and tears of joy in my eyes. My first born just melts my heart (his little brothers do too, but more on them on their birthday next month!).
We want details!
Well it has certainly been a long couple of weeks. As you will be aware I have been making a shed load of lampshades, which has gone quite well, but it has been at the expense of the housework, so our lovely home has been a bit of a pit! We have spent ALL DAY cleaning and tidying and DIY-ing and have only managed to do half the house so far. Hopefully we will get it all finished tomorrow, although the rooms for tomorrow include dining room (covered in lampshade making paraphernalia and debris) and the office (piles of paperwork and assorted rubbish from two people working from home!).
Perry’s best defense of his in-state-tuition-for-illegals law is to remind voters that it was a state-level decision, implemented in a state that has to tackle the practical fallout from illegal immigration in a way a state like Massachusetts simply doesn’t. (As a reminder, Texas has ten times the number of illegals as Massachusetts.) Texas DREAM primarily affected the state budget of Texas and Texas taxpayers — and, presumably, Texan voters supported it at least indirectly by electing a state legislature that passed it. Offering in-state tuition doesn’t explicitly erode the rule of law as, say, amnesty for illegals would. If a state wanted to offer in-state tuition to international students, it could. If a state wanted to offer a flat tuition rate to all students, it could. Yes, as Rick Santorum pointed out last night, in-state tuition does nothing to discourage illegal immigration — but that’s not what such a law is designed to do in the first place. It’s designed to incentivize college enrollment (and, presumably, gr
Diamond in the back, sunroof top
Hello KCModernists! Time definitely flies. We haven't posted for some time but we hope to get back in the groove with more regular postings that I hope you will find fun and interesting. Ever since the Country Club Plaza preservation challege this past year, it's be difficult to find time to Git-R-Done. We had a good year this year though alittle more quiet due to no house tour. Our plans for the next few months going into 2012 are exciting. We have numerous events lining up nicely, in addition to house tours, Martini Moderns, etc. So keep an eye out for notices and/or invitations to some happenings.
“I’ve been homeless for a while,” Kanaska says, “on and off for two or three years. It’s a choice. I find it humbles you. I used to have my own apartment and I slowly lost my mind. I was in there with my two cats and I was just like going crazy.
Heat broiler, with rack set 4 inches from heat. In a medium bowl, combine salmon, lemon juice, salt and pepper; mix gently.
So after I grabbed a can, I headed back to my office. The patient was standing in the hallway.
Why are you gonna give it up?
Distress Ink : Walnut Stain by Ranger Ink
Obviously 2 very different styles of beer, but at the end of the day its still malts, water and hops.
Will serve you.
And did I mention that Beyonce and Jay-Z have a white butler they call White Butler (Samberg)? The ending was really weird, and it’s kind of odd timing to make fun of the musical guest from two weeks ago (Timberlake apologizes via sign at the end), but it doesn’t matter. This is one of those “let’s see everyone’s impressions” sketches that really works.
While the consensus is that the Indian presence was certainly negligible and unreflective of their seven-plus percentage in the national population, the analyst said the Chinese on the contrary made an unusually strong showing.
If the sauce sounds like something you want to try, but you don’t want to make it yourself, come on in and you can put it on anything on our menu!
Although they had sensed the grace and authority with which he had read the passage, the response of the people was this: “Isn’t this Joseph’s son?”
When bourgeois ideas first begin to take root, they do so as the manifestation, not of the rise of the industrial bourgeoisie, but of the merchant classes, whose symbiotic relation with the Feudal Aristocracy establishes the system of Mercantilism, and with it Colonialism. As, the Black American Marxist, Oliver Cromwell Cox, describes, in “Race, Caste and Class” Racism arises as a means by which this bourgeois ideology, which asserts a fundamental equality – Liberte, Fraternite, Egalite – reconciles its actions in treating millions of human beings in the Colonies as fundamentally UNEQUAL! It does so, by denying their humanity. Although, logically, from the perspective of cold cash calculation, this kind of discrimination makes no sense for developed industrial Capitalism, as with many other aspects of society it inherits from the past – for example, in Britain the failure to carry through consistently the Bourgeois Democratic Revolution, the persistence of heredity in the shape of the Monarchy, House of Lords etc – the Bi
I’m gonna beat this horse till it’s dead about the friendship thing, b/c this especially applies in cases where a man is befriending a woman thinking this is the easiest and best Segway to gain romantic interest.
VIRGINIA.
Make the martini:
My sentences keep running on and on...sorry!
Fringed with tears
UNDERGROUND BASE EXPLOSIONS ALSO STARTED BIG
Two men from Sparta, Wisconsin are accused of outfitting a 1997 Lincoln with red and blue flashing lights, using it to make fake traffic stops - and then posting video of themselves doing it on YouTube.
to grow upon flakes
A common question posed by aspiring writers is: How do I get published? Every published author has a story, but the plot to Meg Gardiner's "big break" story is as twisted and surprising as any you might read in a mystery novel.
Four O’Clock Silver is our traditional assisted publishing division, and we expect the majority of submissions we receive to fall into this category. An extremely well-written manuscript which will benefit from a fresh pair of eyes before publication to ensure consistency and eliminate minor blunders, your Silver book will enjoy professional bespoke text and cover design to create a unique look tailored to its theme and audience.
Stamp, sentiment inside, Hope Is, Stampin Up
I have a dry sense of humor and will often gaze straight-faced after making a joke, though inside I’m laughing. I love to be near a person in companionable silence, but I also love a playful friend. I adore a quiet winter evening hugging a kitty, gush books and interrupt people in my excitement sometimes, become eye-lit in the face of history, and can seem very childlike and bubbly, often. I gush with sentimentality. I love a vibrant sunrise. I find it difficult to follow a schedule or be at all predictable, though I do like to control my own timetable, and thus despite myself I am fairly predictable. I don’t mind being alone, but I also love being with people. I’m a homebody — I love home, especially on a winter’s night when the whole world seems raven and cold, and I’m tucked in my lamplit nook. But having family there is more cozy to me than being alone. (I still don’t mind being alone though.) I adore my family and have a ravenous curiosity about my ancestors, especially here in Georgia. I’m INCREDIBLY independent
For example, take this headline that appeared on the above Web site: “Why even bother playing football?” The short article discusses Duke University’s new football coach, David Cutcliffe, and how he hopes to turn the program around. In this instance, the question contradicts the article’s premise and adds unnecessary ambiguity. The reader could think the article is an anti-football sports’ column or a profile of a player — too much room for misinterpretation.
We miss my mom's warm laughter and tight hugs. But I'm positive my mom is equally grateful for the kind of neighbours we have right about now. And so are we.
HomeRuns (2): Alvarez (5), Navarro (1)
If Ron Paul is not on the ticket, and doesn’t endorse whomever is, I won’t be voting.
This book is a different type of book. It's more a "how-to" than a typical cookbook filled with recipes. This book gives you some practical advice on the four following aread: planning, organizing, getting your food, and cooking - with a few recipes mixed in.
Check out this awesome trailer!!
It's been over a year since i last made a blog entry..i sort of disappeared into my own world, waiting for the storm to pass...there's still some thunder, lightning and some howling winds, but i can't let another year pass by waiting...My new years resolution for 2010 was to regain my life, even if it meant being a little shipwrecked...
I finished both my VSVs just after 2pm, so Andy gave me a crack at writing a pack (something I hadn’t done in a few weeks). The pack was on the North Queensland Tourism Awards that were held on the Friday night gone. Writing intros to packs are quite easy, but I’ve discovered my main issue comes from writing the first two sentences in the SOT (which is the main body of the story). Reef HQ and Remote Area Dive were both inducted into the Hall of Fame for winning an award in a certain category for the third year in a row, while lots of other local business won awards and were acknowledged for excellence in service in tourism during a tough economic time.
These samples are the perfect size for a throw pillow or other small project, and $5 is a fraction of the cost per yard for these high-end fabrics. Jackpot! Does anyone know the proper protocol for "purchased" samples? (JoAnns refunds your $5 if you bring the sample back.)
Please feel free to print and share this flyer with others!!!
In the wee hours of morning, 5:45a to be exact, we were picked up at Casa de las Tias by Laguna Lodge’s bus. More like a mini-bus, it was air conditioned, spacious, and all-around comfortable. As we were the first on the bus, the next two hours were spent driving around the Central Valley picking up the other guests.
2. In text, there is no pressure to respond within a given amount of time; one has as much or as little time as one needs to make a clear, well-supported response where any misunderstanding would be the fault of the listener, not the speaker.
Many countries have different degrees of regulated legal service providers, one of which may be called a “legal consultant.” These “legal consultants” are legitimate, but have limited authority to provide only certain types of legal advice. They even exist in the U.S., for example, in New York and California. These are lawyers licensed in other countries who are authorized by New York or California to provide legal advice only in connection with the lawyer’s home country. These consultants generally are restricted from providing legal advice regarding U.S. laws, including immigration laws.
* Removal of the rural commando
The Angels lead the way so far regarding cards for a specific team, I have 28 out of the 50 for them.
I'm hoping you like these as well as the "on location" ones, let me know your thoughts, I'm actually really liking it since I feel you can see the outfit better.
What I want to know is, where are all of the so-called permissive parents every morning when their kids are getting up and going to school? Who is telling their kids what to do (go to school), setting clear rules (must go to school) and goals (finish school)? I'm willing to bet it's the parents.
Stereotypes will not go away, but it is worth noting that as long as Asians have some form of control of their own media image, we can break those conventions and help keep it within context.
So, this card should be right up his, erm, Case Study...!
He said “People are born so that they can learn how to live a good life -- like loving everybody all the time and being nice, right?''
As a successful businessman, Davis achieved the highest credentials as an actuary and became a principal in a large firm while still in his twenties. He currently manages an employee benefits consulting practice that covers the southern region of the United States, with offices in four cities.
So, there I am, in the woods, hauling ass down the path that cuts through My Favorite Meadow, raging and pissed off, when a man fell out of the sky. I tell you what, there's nothing that will stop you crying quicker than a dude falling out of the sky right over your head. You're all "WAAAAAAA!...aaaaa......um...huh?.......(snifff)?????"
McGrew does not have a criminal record in South Carolina, according to the State Law Enforcement Division.
It was Tuesday that a medical team leaving for Haiti asked her to go with them. Yes, Tuesday. Three days before they were set to leave. She was hesitant at first for a multitude of reasons (if someone asked you to go to Haiti in three days, you'd probably hesitate too!). Also, my birthday happens to be in just a few days. I'm turning seventeen! And my mom didn't really want to miss that. But honestly, Haiti needs her more then I do right now. So after I assured her many times that it was okay, and I wanted her to go even if that meant her missing my birthday, she agreed to go.
Anyone who knows me knows how easily bored I get, even when creating. I could never be a wholesaler. It is very hard for me to make more than two of anything. I work in very small batches of clay, usually enough to make 2 or 3 pieces from the same color batch, and that's it.
In yesterday’s post, I had mentioned something about the umbrellas in the shot of the man by the door. It was strange to find a bunch of random umbrellas in an airport terminal, but there’s good reason for these to be there.
She restored his belief in himself and put healing ointments, as it were, on all the bruises of his soul.
Rather than new fund-holder Mr Offord count the money in the presence of the rest of the room, as is usual, instead the group organiser Tanya Jane Whitehead-Lumby, took the money away and counted it in private.
Just let me check the CK website--
It was fabulous. For three whole days we got to trade in our pajamas-till-noon, mac & cheese-cooking, taxi-drivin', sleep deprived selves for fun clothes, high heels, delicious food (made by someone else!) and all sorts of great swag. It was really refreshing to be outside of our normal 24-7 job of being a mother.
An extended use of this literal meaning—applied to airplanes with big rear ends—was recorded in the military beginning in 1945. Both the OED and the Random House Historical Dictionary of American Slang have citations from that time, when a plane with a large tail section (especially the Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress) was referred to as a “big-ass bird” or “big-assed bird.”
3 tb small dried shrimp ( soaked and dried) ( optional)
In the absence of modern medical treatments, older uses for natural medicines like marijuana are going to come into use again, and not just for recreation. Getting stoned out of my gourd during a zombie apocalypse does not sound like a good idea. I had never done marijuana before coming to the States, despite its prevalence in Israel.
Father, please help me turn all my stammering and stuttering to strength to Your glory in Christ Jesus! Amen!
Our pension was the cutest, the owners wonderful and friendly, and our room large and perfect. Things were looking up. Now all we needed was a good night's sleep so we could explore Ceský Krumlov come morning.
She continued: “It will be arena dates at the start of next year and we will have new music to go with it.”
If anything is perfect,and the best,
For an infant who is clearly struggling for air, a doctor may put in an artificial airway for a short period of time. This is very rarely needed.
Hey, could you recommend some not irritating vampire movies or books? I think Vampires are my favorite mythical creatures - you know: pale white, ice cold skin, fangs, stopping in time, mysterious personality, aristocrat clothing etc. But unfortunately everything I've watched or read about them was so painfully stupid and tiring, haha. Never mind. When I saw this vampire-lips printed top, I already knew that it must be mine ♥ Hmm, now I'm thinking about it, and PARDON ME, I forgot about
Thing 3: I made my mom an apron from this fabric I bought at Whipstitch in Atlanta.
The doughnut were great...the first day. Unfortunately the next day they were dry and not so good. The bright side is that there were only FOUR DOUGHNUTS LEFT! So most of the doughnut were eaten at their best ^^ I suppose that this means that people did like them, doesn't it?
Dennis Altman is Professor of Politics and Director of the Institute for Human Security at Latrobe University and a prominent public intellectual. Among his myriad publications, his groundbreaking book Homosexual: oppression and liberation (1971) influenced the politics of gay liberation across the world.
Format version: Version 2
and your sons, they are known to me,
A great alternative to granola bar in the summer when those seem to melt if I leave them in my car.
I should be able to knock this one out of the park, since I love being out in the sun and taking photos. I think that the one of my photos that best represents this week’s challenge will surprise you though, but first, a few others that fit.
Next: my mother has suffered quite a bit through the past months without energy and in and out of the hospital. Finally the decision was made to insert a pacemaker, and it has made all the difference. I am so happy to report that her energy level is up and she is doing much better. This pacemaker thing is really a miracle. Now, if only we could control her blood sugar better, but one thing at a time.
How could you know
Phusion Projects, the manufacturer of the popular but controversial caffeinated alcohol drink Four Loko, said late Tuesday it will remove the caffeine from its products, pulling the blend off the market just as the Food and Drug Administration was poised to ban it and other such caffeinated malt beverages.
And I haven’t even mentioned how much I love borscht. I made tons of borscht while working on the illustrations. Leda and I collaborated on testing the recipe that appears on the back of the book. I cooked borscht and ate borscht and froze borscht and even slung some around my dining room to see what flying borscht looks like for one of the illustrations. It was quite a mess.
At the last minute I decided to bake my neighbors cookies for Christmas. This year I made chocolate thumbprint cookies w/strawberry jelly, caramel pecan bars, shortbread cookies w/ chocolate centers, chocolate chip cookies, and Santa whiskers. I surely hope my neighbors enjoyed these yummy treats, because it was extremely hard getting everything done with Guppy on my hip.
Opening this disc, is a blues jam between Jimi and Johnny Winter called The Things I Used To Do.
Detectives with cadaver dogs said in July they detected the smell of human decomposition coming from the trunk of the Pontiac that the mother, Casey Anthony, was driving when police began investigating the disappearance of her little girl, who was last seen more than two months ago.
I'm starting the journey. Yesterday was the first day of my new venture. I'm moving forward with the brewery.
I know someone who could be headed into a dark place. I don’t know how close they are to that place, but I’ve seen them in this place before and I don’t like it; even though I am the queen of dark and messed up and I can totally commiserate.
us wrong when were in this place (God’s
Up on the Sun
If you are an agency nurse, a home health agency nurse, a nursing home nurse, an independent duty nurse, or you are not employed by a large hospital chain, then you should consider nursing liability insurance mandatory. It appears that complaints of negligence against nurses working in these positions are far more likely. This may be because of the high turnover of nurses in some types of healthcare facilities (such as nursing homes), or because the nurse is no longer employed at the facility when the investigation begins (for example, in the case of an agency nurse). Additionally, agency nurses may only work in facility for a short period of time making them less familiar with the facility’s policies and procedures, and not a part of the permanent team of nurses who may have established relationships with each other and are more likely to cover for each other.
Sag and I, in particular, needed our "chill time" (as he calls it). Our introverted/highly sensitive sides were fried.
He also makes no account for the often self-interested nature of governments who launch wars for selfish gain or perhaps simply pride or other undue pressures. While not stated, I believe this is probably because of the bipolar nature of the world at the time. Any questioning of the US government would probably have been seen as support for the Communist system growing in the East. But in my mind that should have brought these questions up with even more urgency. Is a Christian living under an oppressive regime supposed to feel the same way about his or her own armed forces as one living in the United States? Should he or she be compelled to fight by Christian faith as well? These are questions Henry does not seem prepared to answer. He simply assumes the US is the normative experience for Christians everywhere and that our government is a uniform standard of justice.
If you’re of the mind that public schooling should produce an informed citizenry, ultimately to the benefit of society at large (and theoretically to the benefit of individuals as well), then you’ll likely find yourself in agreement with the following statement: We fail to teach students about personal finance at our own peril.
So what are some ways that you use to save money in these days of the disappearing dollar? Have you tried to cut back your spending? I would love to hear some ideas from you!
Mommy has been feeling much better lately! I think I really lucked out because I thought for a while I had symphysis pubic dysfunction, which only gets worse throughout pregnancy until delivery but I think I had just somehow really super strained my ligaments and such because it doesn't hurt near as badly anymore to move. Although it still isn't the best feeling rolling over in bed or getting dressed, I'm not almost in tears when doing it like I was before. I've gained plenty of weight this pregnancy... I'm pretty sure I'm going to surpass the recommended 25-35 pounds since I've already gained 29.... geez that sounds like so much!! As long as Jax is healthy then I'm okay with that weight gain.
Let me tell you where I was this time last year…
In a political secret society, membership is restricted to those who share an ideological affinity with the goals the group represents. At the furthest end of the political spectrum, the mission will be revolution. Such a society will go to great lengths to defend itself. (…)
Meeting women that you would actually want to date and, maybe eventually, bring home to meet mom and dad, isn’t as hard as it sounds. There is, of course, the singles scene out in the bars and clubs all over town but I don’t recommend that one. It’s not that just bad girls go to bars; it’s that it is hard to tell the good ones from the bad one.
-A sweet potato
1-5 Wooden Wand And Vanishing Voice, The – Djin Rummy: The Poetry Of Lunacy 7:35
Knowing God is the only thing that brings me hope. I have looked for hope in many other places through my life and I have never found it any other place. I think our flesh tries to find hope and love along the way but at the end of the day I rest in Gods love and in the hope that I have because of Him. And nothing else.
around the world to get
It is not their job. They didn’t ask for it. And when it is done through artificial means it goes beyond irresponsible to reprehensible.
I only advertise products that are appropriate for me and my family. I'm a stay at home mom of 6 kids. My kids ages are 2, 4, 7, 9, 12 & 13. Toys, computer/phone/camera stuff, restaurants and vacation destinations suitable for large families, children's and women's clothing, kid friendly websites and tv shows, and baby and personal healthcare products are some of the things I'm interested in advertising and/or reviewing. Because I just don't have time to read right now, I don't review books.
I have been cast out
What was her life like? How did she end up as a specimen to be studied? It makes me wish her ghost would visit so we could share a cup of tea while sitting on dusty carriage trunks – the air redolent with the smell of coal, aging fabric and faint rose water. Like the boxes and photos and lace, I know that it is time for her to leave.
I had a vision of how this card should look and now that it's complete I believe it turned out better than that vision! And that's really rare for me. I am a HUGE fan of Pollycraft digital images and this one is no exception. The Pollycraft Monday Challenge is White Winter, they are looking for a Guest Designer too - wish me luck! So here it is:
We need affection from those we love. A hug, a pat on the back, a touch on the arm, further more a kiss, holding hands...we want to feel affection from those we love and children need affection. Hugs, sitting in your lap, holding their hand as you go for a walk, the act of touching (obviously I'm speaking of healthy interaction) builds affirmation and shows affection. Be the one to teach your children what healthy, normal affection looks like. It will go a long way in shaping how they view affection and how they seek to fill a void if there is one.
Toss all spinach into saucepan with a little water, cover and steam for a few minutes until leaves are wilted and bright green. Once wilted, add crumbled feta and let cook slightly until cheese begins to soften.
Those that go searching for love, only manifest their own lovelessness. And the loveless never find love, only the loving find love. And they never have to seek for it.
My schedule is going to get crazy again for the upcoming Blu-ray release of The Hunger Games. I know, it's a pretty obscure little movie that nobody has heard of ;) I must admit, I am one of less than a dozen people on Earth who hasn't read the books, but I did really like the movie. Much better than the usual Hollywood Blockbuster Adaptation. Coming to the story blind, I thought they did a good job setting up the world and characters. I dug the whole retro-future look of it all. The train ride was cool: "That is mahogany!" So, there you have my 10-second review. The Blu-ray should have a lot of great stuff on it.
The leaves are Tim Holtz's & the snowman is also a Stampendous. I wonder if I can con Cameron into giving me a pic of the lantern one? It was on this heat-embossed glittery blue/violet damask paper from Bo Bunny.
This is strange place, and it is usually when the more sane or less analytic of us turn the television off and leave the theater. However, to discover the weird mechanisms behind our actions and to view the perversions that could emerge from their repressed state if allowed is fascinating. Perhaps for Rauch, the curtained room is something lost, like freedom in his East German upbringing. Who knows? Most of us will never know. Our desires, what we want, usually do not have the status of the big object. Instead, what we usually seek are the ambiguous sundry items on the table outside the curtain. We chase the Griffin.
When we go upstate these days after Thanksgiving I still bring those orange hats though. We even blow an air horn before we go sledding down the hill in front of our house.
Boys' animals:
Halli Sanders spent two years planning the trip of a lifetime to Italy. Her itinerary did not include being stranded by her siblings, kidnapped by a sexy American movie star, dodging bullets, or fleeing criminals in a car chase around Lake Como. And that's just in the first three hours.
I felt the weight of this in my own life recently while getting lunch at a local restaurant. I pulled in behind a pickup truck that from top to bottom screamed “tea party nutcase.” The bumper was coated in right-wing bumper stickers and had a Larry the Cable guy quote thrown in for good measure. Sure enough, as the two men exited the cab, they were both wearing overalls with trucker hats.
Sticker Shape: Standard Stickers
On All Hallows Eve, Hallowe'en - or in the Celtic way, Samhain, I make a little compost and sow a few seeds for the soul. Samhain is the end of the Celtic year, the beginning of winter, a time to reflect and consider, a time to slough off old, unwanted things and plant new hopes which will start to sprout with the spring snowdrops. Here's a poem to mark the turning of the year.
Epoch Times: Why must change occur? Where is the inevitability?
Furious Teabag
When I was living in Brooklyn, I can honestly say the Civil War never, ever came up in conversation. Here in Roanoke, Virginia, I am reminded of it practically every day in some way. With some of the derogatory comments I've experienced being a "Damn Yankee" and an "Eyetalian" at that, I think some folks feel like they're still fighting it. In New York, I can't remember ever hearing about Civil War re-enactments, but down here there's a whole cottage industry surrounding it.
We were honoured that Hello Kitty herself took time out of her busy
than one out of every three
The next time you see a couple of four years olds wandering suggest that they work together fetching and pairing. It has been my experience that they are initially suspect that you are actually inviting them to work together let alone move back and forth across the room. Soon, this work will be done daily and it will become part of the natural flow of the classroom. Yet, 4 year olds wander and perhaps this provides the mental rest their minds need to absorb and process knowledge. I am remembering again the t-shirt that read, “All who wander are not lost.” I need to get one of those.
We had her fixed.
"Alright, what's this about."
And, as mentioned, that conception of conservatism shows in Bush's policies too. Many conservatives were totally appalled at the way he expanded the size of the U.S. government -- first with post 9/11 security measures and then with the prescription drug benefit for seniors. Where did the Reagan cutback mentality that launched America's long economic boom go?
The implementation schedule, which is subject to change if unforeseen technical issues arise, is as follows:
I read a little out and so did some of my friends for me, and all went well.
Schönen Samstag Euch allen! Es ist wieder Zeit für eine neue Ausgabe des Stempeleinmaleins. Januar ist ja bekanntlich Schnupfen-Zeit. Und wenn man dann schon immer Naseputzen muss dann doch bitte zumindest Taschentücher aus einer schönen Box verwenden! Und darum gibt es diesmal eine Anleitung für ein Tissue-Box-Cover.
That is why God’s fearsomeness is not a contradiction of his love. Instead, it is a wonderful expression of his love because it motivates us to know him more.
my thinking and feeling and hearing and sight
The breweries will split the yield and the beer will be available today (er, uh, that is May 14)—so drink up Wyoming!
It is very shocking and scary to see people go through this much trouble for not even committing a crime. The government needs to have sufficient evidence and reasonable grounds to detain an individual and put him on a no-fly list. I think after the 9/11 attacks, majority of the people, including the government officials have a notion that all Muslim people are terrorist. This notion is very untrue because majority of the people who may be detained for long periods of time and/or are placed on no fly-lists may not even have anything to do with any terrorist activities or groups. Government officials such as CSIS, RCMP and others need to conduct a sufficient background check and provide sufficient evidence to place individuals on no fly-lists otherwise the relationship between the government and the public will have a very weak connection.
Just a quick post to let you know that I didn't forget to draw the winner of my fabulous prize draw on Friday. I had Miss 7 draw the winner's name, under strict supervision I might add! Congratulations to Kim who was absolutely stunned when we arrived on her doorstep not only with her order, but with that big bag of goodies as well. She said we made her day!
"An Estimate of the Dimensions of the Lake Champlain Monster from the Length of Adjacent Waves in the Mansi Photograph" Paul H. LeBlond, p. 54
In fact I'd go so far as to say if I were a soldier my morale would be deflated by a visit from the PM. David Cameron has no idea how hard life is for the people stationed out there. Preaching about caring about what they are doing, yet stabbing them in the back with cuts, making their lives, in fact, even more difficult? Their lives and the families back home.
AMcCC: What, you mean the stuff on my blog?
His son, Robert also developed a building known as the McLuckie building, and sometimes as the Inns of Court Building, designed by Townley and Matheson in 1931 and located at the corner of Howe and West Georgia Streets.
1 1/2 cups heavy cream, cold
Malika Zarrar: Let him bear the responsibility. What is this?!
Here's where the bribe comes in. If you register and vote for Leslie, (Leave me a comment telling me you did.) I'll send you a free ebook. (Blue Eyes and Other Teenage Hazards or Playing the Field--although if you live near me or will see me at a conference soon, I have a variety of paperbacks you can choose from too.) If you also vote for Leslie for the next four days (You can vote once ever 24 hours--and once you're registered, it only takes a few seconds each day.) I'll promise to send you my next ebook free too. (It will be a rewrite of either Masquerade or Dakota's Revenge, whichever I get to first.)
favorite pattern:
10. 2 4.25" x 5.5" cards with envelope
January 24, 2008 Special Dispatch No.1824
Now I read that certain professional athletes often subject themselves to this curious set of procedures involving a masked girl hacking and rubbing and soaking and picking and buffing. According to these athletes, the pedicure is seen as a training procedure "as much medical as cosmetic" according to Health Today. This may be accurate....I just picture myself trying to use this information as justification and being drowned out by the guffaws and jeers of the guys at the Hunting Club if I showed up with little slippers and cotton batting betwixt my toes.
What is your favourite technique?
Giving Me a Chance–Gotye
Start a school that teaches the ‘children of a lesser god’ for free, even better, pays the parents for sending the children to school.
Between 16 years and 35 years, you have learnt valuable lessons about a quality called adjustment and compromise. You need these qualities to hang on during life’s worst moments. It helps you thrive.
Her twin sister apparently thrived in this dangerous environment I provided for them. She is a successful young woman.
Celeste has been telling us that Chipper is going to die for the past 2 years. It is kind of a running joke between us. Chipper has really slowed down over the past 6 months. We noticed his hearing is going. We will come home from being out and he won't even hear us. You can sneak up on him and surprise him now. (That is sometimes a lot of fun!) I do know one thing. We will all miss him when he's gone... God blessed us with a fun companion for all of these years!
The one friendship I regret losing now, Nancy was her name and she was beautiful, but nice. She loved flirting with guys and I loved hanging out with her cuz I knew all the hot guys were going to want to get to meet her ( and me by association). But one night of partying showed me her true colors, see she had just gotten married to this really hot, hot lead singer of a band ( we went to a lot of bars and met a lot of hot band members). I knew Terry ( her husband), and liked him, he was a nice guy and didn't need to have his wife going off to party with some other band for all hours of the night. I told her I wasn't interested in partying with this band, and we should get home, Nancy didn't like hearing that. She was about to go off with this band without me even though I had driven her to this bar ( somewhere near Marshall , Lind ballroom I believe), and I wasn't about to let that happen. So I finally get her away from the band and get her into my car to head the long drive back to Montevideo ( that is where we lived near). She was s
like the measles-pox;
You want to reinterpret the woman from “Spock’s Brain” as a dominatrix? Go for it. Should the fight ritual from “Amok Time” have required Kirk and Spock to wrestle naked in baby oil? Knock yourself out. What does Data being “fully functional” really mean, and how much of that do you think La Forge and Deanna Troi know about it? Your imagination and the sky truly are the limit.
-Japanese drinks
The Ultimate Gift ... Hallmark Channel ... 12 AM
When I've never been strong enough
Now we are planning to leave.
Half Full Amber
I think, this would never happen in any other sort of business.
Vancouver BC -V6A 2R5-
She has a Masters of Art in Thanatology and a Bachelors of Science in Long-Term Care Administration. She works closely with funeral homes, cemeteries, senior centers, skilled nursing facilities, assist living facilities, and other community resources. She has educated funeral directors on different grieving subjects across the state of PA through Pennsylvania Funeral Director’s Association. She was recently recognized as Employee of the Quarter in 2011.
Twenty Major League seasons. Fifteen Major League All Star games. Eight National League batting crowns. Seven National League Silver Slugger Awards. Five National League Gold Gloves. Two National League Pennants. One team.
Anyway, look at those tiny hearts she added! So pretty! And her coloring is beautiful. Thank you for sharing, Maureen!
I don't believe in coincidences, but that one is darn tough to ignore.
I love spending time finding out how I can get the expensive looks of high-end decor at a fraction of the price (if I do the work myself). I love seeing wonderful scrapbook layouts at a quick glance. I love pinning recipes for the crock pot or fun kid-friendly meals.
I am having so much fun. I entered the Court TV Search for the Next Great Crime Writer Contest, and as of right this minute I am ranked number one!
Chuck Johnson of the National Council for Adoption gets it right in this quote from a USA Today article: “This trend is not right, and it is not good for children. Given the increasing number of orphaned children worldwide, the continued decline in intercountry adoptions means that children’s most basic needs and rights are being denied.”
It might've gotten louder as far as I'm concerned. I enjoyed It Might Get Loud but the film doesn't really deliver the goods. Ostensibly a document of a summit meeting of three well respected and highly influential guitar players from three different generations, the meeting happens but the three hardly reach the summit together. There is actually very little footage of the three of them in the same room and even less of them making music together in it. What little music they do make together is fine enough but it's not an especially inspired session.
I can hear people shouting
But really, she is so snazzy. When I was a senior in high school, I was still discovering my style. I was just getting into the whole vintage thing, and while people knew that it was the 'look' I was going for, there are certainly some outfits I look back on that make me cringe. Outfits that I was trying to be creative with thrift store finds, but really just probably made me look homeless.
But voice can affect more than whether we get an agent. Voice can affect how well we write. Do we have the right genre for our natural voice? This is why we should never write for the market. We shouldn’t write romance because it’s a hot market. We should just ignore trends and write the best story for us to write.
(OK so the bag is a little bit on the gigantor side, as is her hair, but I'm looking at the outfit, not necessarily the styling. Guess is always a little bit over the top; I'll forgive them).
She opens her eyes and you see a smile starting. Not at her mouth but the corners of her eyes. Her lips move. You can't hear it but she whispers --
This is not an endorsement – just a statement of fact!
Designed by Gallery experts to facilitate learning, enrichment, enjoyment, and exploration, NGA Images features more than 20,000 open access digital images, up to 3,000 pixels each, available free of charge for download and use.
appropriation and due process certification by the relevant
But on this subject, is there something about the personal nature of Christianity that also stands out, potentially at odds amidst our ‘impersonal’ culture? Often people seem happy with a general and impersonal spirituality that helps them to get through life. Or even a somewhat withdrawn religious package that offers stability and meaning. But a God who knows your name and wants to use it? I guess, like with Starbucks, a natural reaction is to assume there’s an ulterior motive. Is it too good to be true to conclude there isn’t?
Author, books about Christian vegetarianism
Once you have cast off, pick up 2 stitches with your double pointed needles and knit an i-cord for a loop about 2 and a half inches long. (Just measure once you have sewn on your button to make sure of the length).
1 bag of Nacho Cheese (Or similar) Doritos
From the 'War to end all wars'.
It’s not all bad, really. I discovered that my stand alone back-up unit has a ga-zillion parts and pieces of programs long dead and gone – so I thought. All that remains is for me to figure out a way of cleaning the back-up unit before needing it on the main unit.
Last winter's sharp rise in deaths followed warnings that high bills would leave five million people to choose between heating and eating.
Author Gwen Grant shared her thoughts but we got so many other touching messages from our international Betty MacDonald Fan Club members.
“A Line Has Been Crossed…”
However, I did find Dave's attitude to be a bit on the harsh side for this interview. So be forewarned. He didn't enter into this with an incredible amount of compassion for families trying to adopt a child. It appeared he aimed the interview at couples who just wanted to adopt to do something "good for the world." He didn't seem to consider the fact that many couples are adopting because of childlessness.
Dreaming of my father is a pleasant surprise.
Anchors (black)
sustenance such that it will
Duncan said although she shut Smith out of her life for years, he has always loved her and she is proud to be his sister.
To some people, a book is a book and an author is an author. Some people wouldn't care who's name is on the cover so long as all 365 designs are there along with the information you need.
One of the chapters in my book is called, “Turn Off the News.” At the end it has some suggestions for how to get started going Free-Range, including, “Get up and go out. Spend that hour you were going to watch ‘Law and Order’ on a walk with the kids instead. Look around at all the unspeakable crimes not being committed. This is called the Real World. (Not to be confused with MTV’s version, which is a crime all its own.)”
I was dusty and dirty as I came to the last corner to look into. I had found many memories and trinkets from the past up there, but like I said, most of it was junk. I had found the old Christmas tree ornaments and lights. The lights were too old to trust, but I brought the decorations down stairs and it gave me back some hope. I had a pile of shoe boxes of some love letters between Gram and Gramps to be saved and there were some journals from the early years of their marriage that I had spent some time reading instead of finishing the job and the morning was long gone.
If you've seen me recently, then there is a good chance you've seen me wearing these earrings. I wear them several times a week. I mean, really, owls go with everything!
If I do not submit to governing authorities, then who will? If I do not do it, and others do not do it, we will inevitably incite chaos. For the sake of the Gospel, I will represent my Lord in all circumstances.
their accessibility to rail and mass transit, and the physical configuration of the sites. Given market conditions, some may not be able to support development for many years while others may make economic sense sooner.
and, i haven't lost 100 lbs.
Trawling around Airwaves last month, devouring the dynamic and contrastive range of sounds - the roaring immensity of Reykjavík! vs. the feelgood post-disco of FM Belfast; the avant bricolage of Ghostigital vs. the soaring beauty of Ólafur Arnalds; the joyful noise of Hjaltalin and Retro Stefson, to name but a few – it occurred to me that the scene has totally remixed itself.
Of that low Italy shall he be the saviour,
Have you ever suppressed a gag when meeting someone for the first time?
First off, we would just like to say how sorry we are for not updating our recipes as frequently as we usually do, but boy have we got a great recipe for you... GLUTEN FREE (or non gluten free) CHOCOLATE CHIP LOAF! This recipe is easily, the easiest (and most delicious pumpkin) loaf we've ever made, and we decided to share it with all of you!
It was fine at the Fair but once the Exhibition Halls closed we all trooped off to a club called the mango Lounge, which was noisy and dark. After one bottle of Prosecco and meeting @FlossieTeacake, who had just been a Twittername to me before, we decamped for a nice Chinese meal and a chat to Lucy's husband, known in her blog as the Wanton Toast Eater. (We did not have Won-ton though).
I won’t hurt myself.
I should add here that it is incredibly interesting that when I do give into temptation, it doesn’t even really taste all that fantastic anymore, yet I still will finish it.
I was amazed as I heard their stories: each unique and completely opposite, but with the same ending... Jesus saving them from their complete and utter depravity in the face of a holy and awesome God.
As I had already told Amelia and Becca what was going on, they were pretending to be uninterested in mine and Dane’s conversation.
Human Rights Watch said the death toll continues to rise. It said at least 233 people have been killed in five days of violence.
92 The Little Prince – Antoine De Saint-Exupery
It was this single document, signed and sworn by two honourable and upstanding ladies which verified Obama’s eligibility and which was used for the purposes of electing him as president.
The Annunaki are divided into 2 main factions, with the “bad guys” being about 1/3rd of them and the “good guys” being about 2/3rds. The “good guys” are mostly not on this planet at the moment, but are back home on Nibiru, and they appear to only have access to this planet when Nibiru gets close enough to us, which is a long involved story.
Peter would prepare and cook a 3 course dinner which we would all sit and eat, with lashings of champagne and talk.. taking us into the midnight hour - ending with chocolates and coffee while we welcomed the New Year in.
1. Ain't No Use Crying (Oberg, Christiansen, La Grand, v. Buuren) 4:05
13. A range of physical manifestations: Headaches, backaches, neck pains, flu-like symptoms (this is called vibrational flu), digestive problems, muscular spasms or cramps, racing heartbeat, chest pains, changes in sexual desire, numbness or pain in the limbs, and involuntary vocalizations or bodily movements. Some of us have even had old conditions from childhood reappear briefly for healing.
For example, with reducing the use of pesticides, the farmer is motivated by lower input costs, and the consumer is motivated by reducing potential health dangers. Also, a farmer is motivated to take better care of animals and land because it protects the farmer’s greatest financial investment, while consumers believe it is simply the right thing to do.
Hmmm my favorite Cricut cart! I would have to say as far as letters go “Cuttin’ Up” love the different fonts you get. Then my around cart would be all 41 of my carts. Because Cricut has so many themes and things to use. It’s hard for me to pick just one. I will pick one I just picked up online“A Child’s Year” I love the different silhouette of the kids.
If there is no such construction of meaning, then, the state’s intervention in the public sphere will be exposed as an exercise in the defense of specific interests and naked power, triggering a legitimation crisis... That is, the state will be seen as an instrument of domination rather than an institution of representation. There is no legitimation without consent based on shared meaning....
See? I have tons of "will" power.
And then, the question is: what to do with them? I went for caramel popcorn with the former (pour over freshly popped corn, stir or shake, then enjoy… wash hands after eating and before knitting), then good old-fashioned eating with a spoon, then included a caramel layer in a batch of brownies in order to stop myself from eating the whole pot. The butterscotch would have gone brilliantly with ice-cream, but alas that was not to be and so I substituted some fromage blanc (though I’m unfamiliar with UK yoghurt products, I think that would be equivalent to Greek yoghurt, perhaps)… and then returned with my spoon for the rest.
From my friends I have learned to accept their offerings–a meal, a smile, a text, a phone call, a gift, a flower, a joke, a card–with grace and gratitude.
So I resolve to try harder, to be better,
HAY RG, WEBSTER AJ (Eds.). Textbook of Influenza. London, Blackwell, 1998: 541-547.
10. Virginia Cavaliers
Kunal Roy Kapoor plays the goofy and bumbling cop. “It’s an amazing author-backed role, you’re going to love him,” says John. The film will have action shot in real locations in real-time. John seems super excited: “Producing films like these not only help me expand my repertoire, but will give me credibility as an actor.”
He moved faster; so did the furtive footsteps.
The new Nets logo is an (arguably) competent facsimile of a classic design, and reflects something the owners and fans probably wish were so: that theirs is a team with a history and a backstory that doesn't involve a few decades in the suburbs.
Mission: Impossible – Ghost Protocol
Jeff Andrews - First let me thank you for the amazing introduction! I am beyond flattered.
More importantly, Polanyi pointed out that law-like processes directing chemical bonding would actually prohibit the generation of information. Laws determining the bonding of chemicals would invariably produce repetitive regularities. So if some natural law required that guanine bond to cytosine, thymine bond to guanine, adenine bond to thymine, and cytosine bond to adenine, the only possible DNA sequence would be “CGTA” which would appear repetitively along the DNA backbone. Information, however, requires specified variability (irregularities). It is oxymoronic to think regularity can explain irregularity. If natural laws determine the bonding properties of DNA and/or amino acids—and hence their arrangement—DNA would be incapable of generating the variability required to originate biological information. Even if the CGTA-CGTA-CGTA repetitive sequence was biologically meaningful, every gene would code for the same protein. Life, however, requires a wide array of proteins to carry out all the functions of the cell.
Next up, the postage stamp quilt that I've been working on for quite a while. The patchwork portion has been done for a few months but I've been deliberating about borders and binding, here and here. All those bright flashy colours, and in the end I decided to go with this:
1) Acid or alkaline foods, meaning how much acid or alkaline the foods contain.
Now you can post a review of either The Cleopatra Curse or The Colossus Crisis (both of which are currently available as low-priced e-books), and if your review wins you can choose as your prize a signed paperback copy of any one of the following books by Katherine Roberts:
Holly (Viva Bianca) has decided to retire from high-class hooking and fly to Paris, thus also escaping psycho regular Ligurian (a convincingly dead-eyed Peter Docker). Meanwhile, 17-year-old Shay (Hanna Mangan Lawrence), a country runaway, arrives broke in Kings Cross. She’s trying her luck at the kerbside when she meets Holly, who needs a brunette for one last, high-paying three-way. Then they witness a murder, and find themselves on the run from the killer.
He is needed to block deputy president of PBB Abang Johari Tun Openg’s chances to become the CM, and act as a standby successor to the CM.
two capri-sun straw wrappers
And I’m finally here, back in good ol’ Brunei. And for once, I’m back here OUT of the jungles instead of being inserted in there (again). I’ve got myself a good two months here, and these past few days haven’t been too bad. It’s 1.34am in the morning and I’m still up and blogging. I haven’t been blogging in like two weeks now, so I guess I better give this little site some attention before it gets all neglected. But yeah, I’ve been getting this alienated feeling these past few days.
The mass of trails weave a maze of sorts around lakes, past bogs, even beaver ponds, and up and down the hills through the forest. Look at this map closely and you will see that each red marking identifies a different trail!
There was an old, old man from Pakistan whose hair and beard were white. He was in F block and was due to be deported on 28th March. He really didn’t want to go back to his country, so he made a pile of things like his trousers and slippers and his Home Office documents and he made a fire. Then he set fire to his legs and stood on the burning things. People tried to push him out of the fire. I was scared and the officers came running to put water on the fire.
Doodlecharms cart- pg 87 Mailbox 3 1/2" -- pg 86 Letter 1 1/4"
benny the birthday boy, wesley,
Here are some key excerpts from his paper.
"Intimate with the base of the Cross is the Cor Sacrum. Attracted by which (in similar form, but insignificant in comparison) are the two smaller hearts of Faith and Hope.
The first one is Casa Dragones - a sipping tequila. I was invited to a tasting, and boy was I educated on sipping. The tequila is crystal clear with a very complex nose that changes depending on where you hold the glass. I got deep spice notes with an anise finish that lingers. If you ever get the chance to try it, you'll understand why it is $300. It is nothing like the tequilas that you use for mixing. For the price point, you don't want to mix this one.
Did you see the words “equip the saints for the work…” and “equipped” and “working properly?” I see them. What do they mean? It means people come to church to be equipped so they can do the work and the salt gets out of the shaker. Pretty simple stuff if you ask me.
Two District councillors.
Similarly, it’s worth noting that those looking for some dirt on Brooke Shields, Andy Dick, Oprah, etc., will be rewarded here. Griffin chronicles not just her recent fame, which puts her in close quarters with plenty of A-listers, but also her humble beginnings, nearly two decades of failed acting attempts, stand-up comedy and run-ins with at-the-time nobodies who would go on to fame and fortune (I’m looking at you, Jack “I use my bathmat as a towel” Black). She’s also had…relations, with a pretty interesting cast of characters (again, Jack Black). Some of the stories are old hat for those who watch Griffin’s stand-up specials, but plenty of them are new. If you’re looking for a slightly more highbrow (and slightly post-dated) TMZ, this is your book.
So: armed with an aspergillum he let rip
We love each other again : )
- Take the phone number and name of a manager at the agency with you. (Paris Address told us that Apt. #1 was inventory from another agency and said that they had not inspected the place personally "yet". Whatever; they moved us.)
Team Cee Lo performed ‘Dancing in the Streets’, in what will go down in history as the best team performance on The Voice (so far…).
Finding postcards in Vietnam and Hong Kong was easy...all you had to do was
Being centrally located in The Sea of Abaco, just 5 minutes from Marsh Harbour and Hope Town, day trips are a breeze for both owners and guests.
A: In my head. Journals and I just don't work.
But, when you see what I have for you, you might just forgive me. AND you have a chance to make some in my new Monogram Note Card Class!
88. During holiday season, take a drive and view the lights
If you are looking for formal shirts for men then get it from the famous online shopping store that is Major brands. This reputable online shopping store in India offer massive deals and discounts on clothes for men, women and kids. Also, it has fashion products such as sunglasses, watches, cosmetics and handbags of top brands. You will find different types of colors, sizes and designs in formal shirts for men . There is latest variety available in formal shirts which you can see when you stumble upon the website at men’s section. For example, Giordano brand offers variety of formal shirts for men.
Rodriguez’s road to college was long and arduous.
Hope you all had a merry ol' Solstice..the days are stretching out again now although it doesn't really feel like winter has arrived here yet...I've no doubt its on its way though.
When VR becomes a thing that people can enter into and experience as if it was real life, people will not want to leave it. There are already issues with people and the virtual worlds they already have access to, and these worlds are not... well, we don't experience them as if they are happening to us. But there have been cases of child neglect and abuse from parents becoming too immersed in these worlds. There have been cases of people going without food or water to the point of death. And these are just worlds that you experience through a keyboard. Imagine what it will be like when you can have full sensory input. Feel things. Smell things. Even taste things. And it can be better than your life in the "real" world.
Do you know anything about it? I don’t care about having a lot of indiscriminate traffic. Rather, I would appreciate corresponding with others who are interested in what interests me, namely, writing, poetry, and epilepsy. A lot of traffic is nice, I guess, but I’m not after numbers.
One of the perks of being a demonstrator is the free sets we get for certain things throughout the year. This Gnome set was another set I earned for free but have not used. So I figure I better use it now, I combined it with the kite set in the Occasions mini--Send me Soaring. This was a fun card to make.
When I first used it I felt it wasn't conditioning enough, my hair felt tangled after and it didn't feel particularly well conditioned.. The next time I used it I tried a different approach and ended up using more of each product, especially the conditioner. With the shampoo it was nothing like Id been used to, it was a runny liquid as apposed to the gel consistency you normally get, so shampooing with it took a bit more care.. I took my time as it didn't foam as well as my usual shampoo and I also found that I had to be careful with it in my palm so not to let it run away down the plug hole! I also felt it needed more working due to the lack of foam (which we know really isn't necessary anyway, although it feels pretty nice!).. but with that also comes more massaging, which is a treat for your scalp anyway I guess!
Phil Hughes (3-4, 6.55 ERA) will take the hill for the Bombers in Game Two, the righty is slated to take on Kevin Slowey (0-0, 4.91 ERA) game time is scheduled for 8:10 p.m.
She feels an odd sense of pride that the painters should have picked her backyard and patio as their lunch room regardless of which house they have been working on. They had 12 houses to choose from. 12 more or less identical backyards and patios to choose from. 12 houses with roughly the same view. 12 houses without other differences to them than the people who live in the houses and their perceived reactions to four paint-spattered guys making use of what they consider as their 'property'.
6. Finally, what are your thoughts on the current state of music in general and the place of your own genre within the wider sphere of popular music?
We are so very blessed.
as roll Royce Olympus engines going into a roar
That's why I love putting costumes together out of fashion pieces I already own.
He said there were millions of other genuine rakyat who are not been given that chance.
Engine: Goldnight commander(W), Riot ringleader(R), Vigilante justice(R)
The new legislation allows prosecutors to charge anyone who enters a building without permission or with the intent to disrupt a government function with a federal offense if Secret Service is on the scene, but the law stretches to include not just the president’s palatial Pennsylvania Avenue home. Under the law, any building or grounds where the president is visiting — even temporarily — is covered, as is any building or grounds “restricted in conjunction with an event designated as a special event of national significance.”
I will tell you that Walk is currently my fav music video and as an added bonus I’ll share it with you… because I’m a nice guy like that!
20.DAG NASTY "Circles"
She’s amazing and is going to do more justice to that quilt than I ever could. She’s a magician with machine quilting. Can’t wait to get it back and finish up the pattern for you all to enjoy!!
Sound familiar? Theologians are accustomed to taking some beliefs on faith. Scientists are not. All we can do is hope that the same theories that predict the multiverse also produce many other predictions that we can test here in our own universe. But the other universes themselves will almost certainly remain a conjecture.
Even though he's hard to understand
So what I actually do, is look towards his two laughing mates, themselves the same sort of age and reasonable build, and quickly close the door. I hold the door shut, pushing myself up against it, trying to remember how to lock it without the key, because all of a sudden, out of nowhere, I felt incredibly vulnerable. There was nobody else outside to help me- none of the usual taxi drivers, who have been so supportive before, no neighbours, no other pub-goers.. and nobody else inside.
Sonic Blitz Adventitious for DS Analysis - DS Sonic Blitz Adventitious Review
After we did our 180 degree turn into Creek Road, we passed the first ambulance.
David J. Reimer, Sr. (2011)
I try to think of the Labor movement, not as putting an extra sixpence into somebody’s pocket, or making somebody Prime Minister or Premier, but as a movement bringing something better to the people, better standards of living, greater happiness to the mass of the people. We have a great objective – the light on the hill – which we aim to reach by working the betterment of mankind not only here but anywhere we may give a helping hand. If it were not for that, the Labor movement would not be worth fighting for.
NATIONAL LOTTERY (BBC1)
There are a total of 4 entries you may receive: Comment (1 entry), Follower (+1 entry), Facebook and/or Twitter (+ 1 entry), and personal blog/website mention (+1 entry). This is subject to change again in the future for future giveaways.
Kindergarten teachers are complaining that students without any computer experience lag way behind students that began using computers in pre-school.
His vision was blurring, but he looked up through the car windows to see someone standing on the other side. He reached his right arm up with an open hand. The figure on the other side of the car leaped into the air and landed on the roof of the cruiser, collapsing it several inches. The man looked up at what he had thought to be a boy, but the boy was shirtless and extremely muscular. The boy smiled and leaped again. He crashed down harder and caving the roof so it touched the headrests of the front seats.
The ‘Unlimited Monthly’ service costs only $45. For this very low monthly rate you can make phone calls, text as much as you like, send picture messages and serve the web.
Shelves: $2
A little depressed.
David Nied was drafted from the Braves with the 1st pick in the 1992 Expansion Draft. While he never lived up to the lofty standard of a first pick overall, Nied had a somewhat serviceable career in purple. In 4 seasons with the Rockies, Nied had a record of 14-18 with a 5.47 ERA and 127 strikeouts. Following the 1996 season, Nied left the Rockies via free agency and joined Cincinnati but never made the team.
The thing I don’t understand is just how these violent games keep on falling into the hands of these kids. The age ratings are all over the boxes and… OH COME ON!
Sapphique leaves you guessing about the specifics, freeing you to imagine the possibilities of who ends up with who and how the world changes after the story ends.
She was the sickle; I, poor I, the rake,
It was her gasp that brought me back; I knew what I looked like, face covered in bruises, the scratch marks and the dark circles under my eyes from lack of sleeping. Maybe if she had seen all of the other damage he had caused she wouldn’t have left me alone with him.
So I woke up this morning to a bunch of old pictures on my Facebook from my dear old dad.(Is anyone else's 50 something year old dad on FB as much as mine is? LOL)
Hope you have a lovely clean day!
By the bye, I wish I had an award for Stephanie (a.k.a. Stephanola to my Janieola) at http://thestephanieconnection.blogspot.com/. Her suggestion for my book title, Poop! There It Is! makes me laugh out loud every time I look at it. Stephanie, You are a real gem. You have no idea how difficult it is to make me laugh out loud, especially repeatedly. I tend to be a laugh on the inside kind of person unless I'm with The Hurricane. She makes me laugh so hard I could just wet myself.
Bradley Headstone, in his decent black coat and waistcoat, and decent
To be continued.......
feasts. He had to slow things down a bit and would intersperse his
‘For through the law I died to the law so that I might live for God. I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me. I do not set aside the grace of God, for if righteousness could be gained through the law, Christ died for nothing!’ Galatians 2.19-21 NIV.
A few days later I receive a letter in the mail from a guess who?? The collection agency. I call the number again. This time an equally unfriendly woman takes my call. She can't find anything either. I said, Listen, clearly there is something to this claim and we are not hanging up until we figure it out. I was probably more pathetic then forceful, but she did agree to look deeper. To her amazement there was a default notice under my name from Amazon.com. They were looking for their $20 that I told them I owed them that they refused to believe.
NOTE to other schools: do some of your pupils love Wasted? Would you like your school to feature on the Wasted blog? Perhaps you've been running a competition or challenge and you'd like me to announce the winners here? Got some fun pictures from your library events? Contact my assistant and I'll see if I can fit you in. All you have to do is say why you think I should feature you on the WASTED blog.
--Valley National Bank
I believe Mr. Stanton had a confused jealousy of my father, even though he had engineered getting the man and his family out of the elements.
Last Saturday, our very good friend (who also apparently knows everyone else in Louisiana), evil genius, party animal and well-connected impresario, Todd Mouton put together one of the finest soirées I have ever attended. Dubbed the Saint Street Carnival: Revelry de Rio (Todd always comes up with the most ingenious names) the happening was on the night of the Lafayette’s Krewe de Rio Parade- always held on the Saturday that falls a week prior to Mardi Gras proper. Held at the Saint Street Inn – there was a fantastic menu of Brazilian Barbeque and a way cool Tikki Bar out front, and the last three cases in Lafayette of our Courir de Mardi Gras beer, plus our Mello Dubbel coffee beer on tap inside. Valcour Records provided the live music. Before the Parade the Pine Leaf Boys Trio played some addictively foot-stomping traditional Cajun music. After the Parade Corey Lil Pop Ledet Zydecoed the night away, protected from the bitter wind by strategically placed sheets of visqueen, which decorated the front porch of the restaurant until
The construction of substantial houses likewise becomes absurd if they must soon be abandoned. Hence the hunter's very ascetic conceptions of material welfare: an interest only in minimal equipment, "if that; a valuation of smaller things over bigger; a disinterest in acquiring two or more of most goods; and the like. Ecological pressure assumes a rare form of concreteness when it has to be shouldered. If the gross product is trimmed down in comparison with other economies, it is not the hunter's productivity
In a palm tree, on an island, in the middle of the wide blue sea, was a girl.
Third Phase "Adjustment or at-ease Phase."
Her parents decided that we had to forgo camping and we stayed the night at a nearby cabin instead. Oh well.
While the others leapt and swam like penguins, Billy sat on the edge, scripted Spongebob and watched, clearly plotting the time in the near future when he would try out their tricks. The other kids grazed on fruit and biscuits, and Billy sat on the edge, jerked his arms and watched, noting which foods were eaten enthusiastically and which were the snack wallflowers. He takes these social occasions, in the same way he takes a lot of his life these days - as an active, reactive and charmingly unusual observer. You can practically hear the cogs turning, processing, sifting through the possible and the preferred, rejecting the loud, the close and the bright. He needs a ton of McDonalds fries as bribes to attend these events, but he gets a lot out of the experience (if it come in measured doses).
A “bahutier” made “bahuts”, which were wooden chests or trunks and a staple item of furniture in Medieval homes. From the 19th century onwards, the term was also used in general reference to sideboards, cupboards or wardrobes (as well as becoming a slang term for "school" used by pupils who probably feel they spend their days locked in a cupboard!).
Political, fast-paced, violent. (Oh, and on the grounds that no one expects the Irish Inquisition, deep.)
6.- Loyal - Produced by Kno
Brandon Weeden has a pretty live arm capable of making many NFL throws. I would grade his arm at being good but I would not say it is elite and capable of making all the throws, although he is close. The other thing I really appreciate about Weeden is his superb accuracy and ball placement, especially when defenders are around. This ability to fit the ball in tight windows is extremely nice to see as he shows an uncanny ability to make touch throws and drop the ball over the top of coverage and between defenders with relative ease. Not only is this a good quality to have for a passer but it shows his confidence in his arm and ability to deliver the ball into tight coverage. In the pocket Weeden shows good balance and overall footwork and seems to have a nice bounce and pop to drive the football down the field on intermediate to long routes. Weeden also shows great poise and composure in the pocket and in leading his team down the field, showing light feet that can get his body into position to make all the throws that are asked of hi
turmeric powder 1/2tsp
Then at 9:30 I make breakfast, sit down, and write (and eat). I write until noon (or longer if I’ve been bitten by Creativity Head Lice). Then I break for lunch until about 1 or 1:30. Then I workout for about 2 hours. Sorry, I know that makes some people jealous. (“Sure wish I had the time to work out…”)
We’ve recently revamped our class policies and instructor contracts and we’re looking to add to our class roster for the fall. Our shop specializes in beginner and intermediate level classes in a wide variety of craft skills. Potential instructors must have at least 5 years experience with their craft medium and some teaching/training experience.
The intensity of our defensiveness is also a mark of how identified we are with a particular image. That image is a marker of our dominant Fear-Self. Conversely, we most intensely engage with those invalidators who remind us of our original invalidators, especially our parents. If we are still seeking approval, we will find merit in their invalidation. If we are still hurting from our invalidation (and most of us are), we will very deeply resent them. These intense feelings sustain our identification with the Fear-Self. We are most ready to take offense with those we need most. Children need their parents, and often it is the parents who receive back the lovelessness they displayed many years ago.
I'm pretty excited for this weekend because I'm going on my first ever blate(blog date)!! Meg from henning love and I are going to meet for lunch and maybe some shopping? I couldn't be more excited to officially 'meet' her! Tune in Monday for pictures!
The rise in inventories and even bigger jump in sales pushed the inventory to sales ratio down to 1.13 in March. That means it would take 1.13 months to deplete existing stocks at the March sales pace. The ratio had been at 1.16 in February and stood at 1.39 in March 2009.
Inside Art: Carlos Pino
You can level up your character in various abilities (stealth/guns/hacking/martial arts etc) to help you along the way which means most people are likely to get a different experience during their time with the game.
He improved, but then he got the diarrhea back. I couldn’t get him to clear up. I had him confined to a small area so he wasn’t using lots of energy, and I was feeding him more food than any one goat should have ever been able to consume. I would cut grass out of the ditches every day so he always had fresh green food. He got hay. He had grain. This goat ate more food than I would have thought possible, and it just went straight through him.
Belly Button in or out: Almost all the way out.
The past week I also found out that we should have funding for our OPG kids to go on their Earthwatch expeditions, so am now in a tricky position of organising all logistics, visas, passports, flights, funds, and preparing them, as well as the really hard task of breaking the news that on the positive side, at least some of them will be going on life changing expeditions, but on the bad side, not all of them will be going this year, but that they still have a chance in the future.
It is plain clear that whichever coalition wins the next general election the Malays are well-represented in Malaysian politics. “So why should the Malays worry if Umno fails to make it in the next general election?” asked a young Malay executive who was at the scene of the rally.
As we've discussed so many times before, the only time to feel concerned that a woman's being depicted as a wife and mother is when that's all a woman's ever allowed to be. An idiot from either the ergh-girls or the domesticity=patriarchy tendencies might choose to sneer at Elastigirl's role as contented, committed housewife. But then, both choruses are populated by little more than blind-minds in the first place. Inhabiting a culture which constantly bombards us with reactionary and yet often hyper-sexualised representations of women, it's regrettably easy to assume that female characters informed by traditional roles implicitly embody regressive thinking. As such, the misogynist simply assumes that their own occluded world-view is being reflected and complacently stop asking questions, while those associating XY chromosomes with Bloke-Babylon jump to the presumption that misogyny is inevitably being perpetuated. Yet Helen Parr is quite clearly the star and neither the doormat nor the victim of The Incredibles. A jaw-breaker with he
gust of
i give a lot of shit to timequakes, don’t i. most stories are dystopian, in this horrible pathetic destructive hell which crapitulatism forces on all of us. of course narratives of this plane of existence are going to be about “unwinnable” wars by stout-hearted, efficiently-fueled rebels. the only narratives that can “sell” are based on these wars, for the same reason that logic isn’t allowed. destruction is the name of crapitulism. it is its purpose, its intent, and its means. cooperation is only amongst a select group of “experts” whose thoughts have been massaged and repeated for years. anyone with actual mathematical ability gets forced out of the study of anything of actual use or applicability and into infinite loops of useless trivia. although the uselessness of the “facts” which they study is frightfully popular amongst the poisoned masses, this diversionary tactic serves only to squash dissent amongst humans. 1:37 pm
And I was surrounded
8.GOVERNMENT ISSUE "Asshole (with Ian)"
I know that our chances of miscarriage are very small. I know that Little Life had a nice, strong heartbeat last Tuesday in the NT scan. That everything looked great.
Formerly The Far Side, The Queens Head as it is now is far removed from The Grosvenor. Superficially it’s nicely renoavted, as premium lagers and one token ale. Adnams. My heart sinks at the sight of it and we opt for a cool pint of Erdinger. Large Gorillaz canvases adorn the walls, and although they are now on their third album, its still a touch that you would expect in about 2000. My thoughts overall would be that its nice. Not exceptional. It's proximity to the Brixton Academy would probably make it a good stop for a pre gig drink but otherwise I wouldn't make a point of stopping by. With that in mind we declined a second round and moved on.
Synopsis: As the Revolutionary War begins, thirteen-year-old Isabel wages her own fight for freedom. Promised freedom upon the death of their owner, she and her sister, Ruth, in a cruel twist of fate become the property of a malicious New York City couple, the Locktons, who have no sympathy for the American Revolution and even less for Ruth and Isabel. When Isabel meets Curzon, a slave with ties to the Patriots, he encourages her to spy on her owners, who know details of British plans for invasion. She is reluctant at first, but when the unthinkable happens to Ruth, Isabel realizes her loyalty is available to the bidder who can provide her with freedom.
ORGANISATIONS
Hélène and Peter will share our plans for the pups we hope to welcome to the WCC in the next couple of months, and how you can be part of the event. And, as always, Wolf Pup Wednesday is a great opportunity to enjoy Le Chateau's fabulous, less-expensive French bistro fare in a cozy, casual atmosphere with a spectacular view.
I was born on January 12th, 1993, and I have a brother older than me by three years.
In Your Charge (10)
do so with compassion
Last week, Perkasa Youth announced that Muslims should boycott the Bersih 3.0 rally for clean and fair elections on April 28. This extremist NGO insulted Bersih co-chairperson Ambiga Sreenevasan and called her the “anti-Christ for Muslims” and a “traitor” to the nation. They continued their diatribe by ridiculing the national laureate A Samad Said.
Made not from dreams,
1. Ufo Or Die - "Dog Wave"
This view is from somewhere near the Blue Ridge Parkway. It was years ago that we were visiting friends in their new home way outside of town. Our host was eager to lead us on a walk on the extended property behind their home. We hiked through the woods where he seemed to be already acquainted with every tree. When we came upon a clearing at the edge of the woods I snapped a few photos. I was drawn to a stand of trees at the top of a distant hill. I remember him commenting that he also liked that view with the row of trees. I hope the trees are still there.
One of the most penetrating psychiatrists,Wilhelm Reich,went mad.
As it turned out the shark’s name was Leonard. Once he had finished devouring Mark he felt bad about eating the poor guy. So he went to a wise octopus and asked what he could do. The octopus sent him on a quest to scalp an elf, but first he had to visit some sea gnomes to make him a supershark suit so that he could walk on land. (My sister is now reminding me that apparently I had to come up with a reason why elves and gnomes are different. What I ended up telling her was that elves lived on land and gnomes lived underwater. makes sense…) So after acquiring his supersuit, Leonard set off, but was thrown off by a storm and ended up in China. While there he met a llama named Ferdinand and they decided to walk together to Ireland to find some elves. And then they were chased by a Chinese mob. And then they ran into the Great Wall of China. And then Leonard accidentally broke a hole in the Wall. And then a bunch of mythical Chinese women who had been holding up the Wall since it was built came out. And the women got into a fight with
We hope you will be able to play along with us with this sketch... it's clean and simple and fun to do!
The ninjas lost. Martial arts and katana swords were no match to the brutal strength of lasers and sonic-sound weapons. The injured ninjas that were still alive were taken by the reptoids and eaten in a victory feast.
“And if the spider were poisonous, I could die. If I really believed in my path-I believed in a life after death, and reincarnation-it would not be the end of “me,” just the end of my middle self, my ego. My spirit would continue, and that is what is important.” p163 The Temple of Shamanic Witchcraft
there's less daydreaming there, less words. I think I'm quite done with that.
Rnd 8: Repeat back inc rnd – 80 sts.
We have a returning sponsor this week, Karen's Doodles! Here is a bit of information about Karen's Doodles....
Asian business is starting to make an appearance in the shire towns, in the form of curry restaurants, Asian shops or small businesses, and, even in the shire towns overseas qualified doctors are cutting swathes through the elderly population. However, these towns and villages are still massively white, and what diversity there is, is of a level most of us could live with, if we didn't all know where it inevitably leads.
Oh Natural History, I feel like this post either has to go on for pages and pages or I need to sum it up as “Dinosaurs and Hope Diamond.” I’ll try to strike a fine balance somewhere in the middle! This museum is one of the ultimate kid-friendly museum experiences. The exhibits range from the Dinosaur Hall (a little dated but still…its dinosaurs) to the gems and minerals (where the Hope Diamond resides), to the Mammal Hall and Ocean Hall and mummies!
South African President Thabo Mbeki praised Cuban dictator Fidel Castro for his many years spent brutally oppressing millions of people and went on to say that South Africans could “indeed count on the unflinching support of the Cuban people.”
The ash gourd will ooze juice as you grate the vegetable.
Where is the honor? Where is the purity? Where is the truth? Who is lovely? Who can we admire? Where, where?
"Hi, Mrs. D, what's up?" he said warily.
A young man met us outside to let us into the complex which needed remote-key entry. My co-worker said he had once looked into getting an apartmet in this very building. The client, we’ll call him Jeff, was not much older than me. I’m going to guess around 32 or so. He showed us into his unit. A classy loft-style apartment with a large brick wall inside, modern kitchen, clean bathroom and two bedrooms. It was soon to become his former residence. He looked around at his stuff and told us he needed to get rid of the couch, coffee table, queen matress and bed frame, a fully equipped and functioning stereo system and a small dresser.
Until next week,
It is deplorable to know how the US State Department is heavily involved in funding the journalists in Pakistan to give prominence to their own vested agenda. The US is making investment in Pakistani journalists to side with it in this fourth generation warfare. In this kind of war, journalists are very important soldiers and their reports are effective weapons.
The bride looks beautiful. She is stunning and my wish for her tomorrow is that she takes a deep breath, and remembers to take it all in because tomorrow is about her (and the groom of course - but he has made a point of NOT reading my blog so this is all about the lovely Lauren), but she has wanted this wedding for so long, and my wish for her is that she enjoys every second of it.
WHERE: 6TH AVENUE TRIANGLE AT ST. MARKS PLACE AND FLATBUSH AVENUE!
I didn’t think so!
Beer of the Day: Sawtooth by Left Hand Brewery
1.) I have lived in 20 different houses
Another beautiful day, another beautiful beer.
And after years of begging Vince to let us use tv trays, he finally said yes!
My little companions will be glad Mommy has lots of things to work on so they can sit close by and give advice. And play in Mommy's stuff.
to take that first step
I often pray that God will bless me with the ability to continue to have gratitude for each moment. To not let my mind take over my heart. Because I am extremely blessed and so are so many I know. And my life has been anything but hard...so why do I think it needs to get easier?
Yup- those are footprints on the cardstock.
What she said next didn't surprise me. It's the way they communicate, I'm used to it. I knew they would making up as soon as I got off the phone. "I don't think I want to spend eternity with you after all," my mother declared. "65 years is enough. I'm taking Heidi's ashes and we're getting our own Urn and you can be in your own box by yourself."
One thing we love to do is drive around and look at all the beautiful leaves as they start to change at the end of the month! I also start decorating the house for Fall and Halloween!
Sir Jeremy said he had threatened to resign if Britain supported the invasion of Iraq without securing at least one Security Council resolution.
I really like it!
In this study, researchers examined whether exposure to violence could make children’s telomeres shorten faster than normal. They interviewed the mothers of 236 children at ages 5, 7 and 10, asking whether the youngsters had been exposed to domestic violence between the mother and her partner; physical maltreatment by an adult; or bullying. Researchers measured the children’s telomeres — in cells obtained by swabbing the insides of their cheeks — at ages 5 and 10.
Aguilar was stucked on the bench of TnT, preventing him to improve and mature. But how can this thing happen?
Crawfish bisque. But a nice oyster poboy goes down pretty easily.
There were spectators along the entire route. There was always people cheering you on, which really helped push me along. Especially the last 10K. The hills never stopped. We would get a nice downhill to recover, just to go up another massive hill.
But with the massive backlog in land title registration and the demand for land by large plantation companies operating out of Peninsular Malaysia, their applications were recorded but never approved.
Buried in a small area south of Detroit Road, east of W25th and West of the River, access to the Tremont area is fairly limited. We took the W 25th Street exit off I 90, which turns into Wade Road, and turned left onto Scranton Road. I knew that I wanted to take a right turn onto Kenilworth to get into the Tremont neighborhood. On my left was a small orange construction sign that was half hidden behind a telephone pole. I read the words “Kenilworth Detour” and an arrow that pointed to the left. This did not make me happy. I knew that if I had to turn left for a detour either a) there would be no more signs telling me how to get into the Tremont neighborhood and I would be driving around randomly trying to figure it out and b) I would be driving into a pretty sketchy neighborhood. Luckily, as I reached Kenilworth, I discovered that only the sidewalk was closed, not the street.
The young and handsome Vallon and his trio are a wee bit too earnest throughout, “challenging conventions of the modern jazz piano trio,” as the ECM publicity proclaims. Commendably, theirs is not the exploration of the song form or melodic convention of the cliché-ridden jazz piano trio plying Tin Pan Alley tunes and meaningless originals so much in evidence in countless recordings and any hotel lounge.
I just think it would do us all some good, especially in Portland where costume is practically encouraged, and especially in summer when people do ridiculous things with their wardrobes, to remember how stupid you can look when you’re trying too hard. Coachella just happens to be my favorite example.
PKR was today urged to stop “wasting time” with the parliamentary select committee (PSC) on electoral reform and to just proceed with a third installment of Bersih to press for firm action.
“I think the arrest of midwives is a waste of taxpayer dollars,” said Mary Ann Griffin, president of the Indiana Midwives Association to the Fort Wayne News-Sentinel. “Indiana should legislate and not litigate.”
I dont often post material from MotoGP, I leave that to my colleague Neil Spalding (@Spalders). However every year Yamaha kindly provide a technical review of their bike. With this year being the last of the 800cc regulations, the analysis is that bit more poignant. The Press pack which I received is presented at by Kouichi Tsuji the YZR-M1 Project Leader at last race of the year. So while I lack the background that Tsuji-san provided in Valencia, there are some interesting sections related to aero in the slide pack.
As I mentioned yesterday, I succumbed to Peter's "encouragement" and got a pair of Vibrams. I thought I might trail run in them but mainly got them to wear around the house since I like being barefoot (save the 'in the kitchen' jokes since that's actually true in our house!). I have sworn up and down (and sideways and... you get the picture) that I wouldnt run in them outside of the ocassional trail. I've even been known to make fun of runners in them... I know, I'm pretty awful.
Fullers Porter 500ml $8.50 - Dark & complex with layers of roasted malt bringing caramel, chocolate & coffee, as well as a touch of dark fruit.
I was smart, this time, I think. I have organized this house in a way that will mean minimum disruption. Furniture from the storage unit, much of what’s in the office, a few things from my bedroom and I’m good to go. I have left my house relatively undisturbed, to lessen the shock when I come back for less-frequent visits.
Wild spirit you wished to shrink
The final meet-up, with all of us in our NINTH month of pregnancy. I decided there was no better to time to meet my message board friends in person. We decided on Mexican food (to induce labor!) I was the last to arrive (duh, I'm always late...) and when I walked in and sat down I remember someone saying, "do you need us to introduce ourselves?" I looked around and realized, no I don't! I knew who everyone was. I was among friends.
A senior menu, portions right,
“Yes, but…” Ohobilah laughed with her. “You’re right. It doesn’t matter,” She looked up, lifting her face into a patch of sunlight coming from the tall, glass windows.
of N100 million given him by
Ah! But do I hear you cry: 'Hold on, Uncle Dick! How is that possible? Surely you've not had a hand in this book's conception? Have you been lying to us when you said you’ve been busy combating pirates in Somali waters?'
I realize this is a short review. Well, it's a short book. But it leaves a message. And hopefully so does this review, and that message is: pick up this book. By the time you put it back down, you may have accidentally finished it, and you won't regret it.
Sunday morning
A tussy mussy is a small but fragrant flower bouquet. Way before deodorant was invented (lol) tussy mussies were used to block the smell of unwashed bodies and illness. In later years, they became a fragrant accessory and today, tussy mussies are used in weddings, as party favors and as decorations. Tussy Mussies can be created from either a square template or a quarter circle template which is gently folded over to create a cone ready to decorate. I have found the perfect template with instructions at Mirkwood Design
These highly inflammatory and bigoted comments by a well known sports personality surely have no place in the modern world of snooker. Would it be asking too much to demand World Snooker show the world that it does not tolerate this type of behaviour from its players by imposing penalties on transgressors that actually have a deterrent effect otherwise why impose them in the first place?
While the kids performed triple unders and booty bounces, we jumped a fabulous routine to Batman music. With ropes behind our backs, like capes, we ran onto the center of the gym floor. Every time the music said the word, "Batman," we jumped twice. Life got tough when hearing, "Batman, Batman, Batman." That's six jumps which had us bent over and puffing. Our finale topped all when we tossed our ropes in the air and missed catching them.
Personalized check-in & check-out
David Axelrod- A Little Girl Lost
Frontiers release the new Giant album on February 19th. This will be the first album with new vocalist Terry Brock (The Sign/Strangeways).
Foolish clients can't see through the subterfuge. They can't recognize that most agencies are lost at sea -- spouting cliches and trying to stampede them by frightening them.
You’re not crazy. Please repeat until you believe it.
The 80-year-old tossed off her short satin robe and paraded in sky-blue panties and a bra, her wrinkles on show. And you know what? It was beautiful and sexy.
even the words are not finished
responsible for anything, so how do we expect him to act responsibly?
7. I have a doppelgänger. He started out as a joke, but then he became real. He has shown up to one work in one location while I was at another a few times, been spotted on the streets, even had lunch with my mom once. I don’t know where he is now, but he seems mostly harmless, not like the ones in the movies. Then again, maybe I am the doppelgänger?
Their father shook his head slowly, as though chasing away a thought. "That's not how it's done."
_____Don't you just hate people who put random, vague and abusive statuses on Facebook clearly directed at an individual but without having the guts to say it to their face...You know who you are (top best funny quote)
P.S. If you order through the link above, I'll get credit. ;)
Then I met Lisa, (left end in the green) what a kind hearted and funny lady she is. We share a love of cooking and blogging!! Did you notice a theme with these sisters. They are so kind and loving and are a riot to be around!
This is what private charities and foundations set out to do as such. YOU chelas ARE the PRIVATE charities and foundations within yourselves, do you see. It is how you grow and extend out to another brother or sister that will repair the damage to the tapestry or it is you whom will continue the tear or rift in that tapestry.
Still, I’m not complaining.
Indeed I’ve been pinching myself ever since. I emailed Jane yesterday, saying it was good to meet her, and thanking her for the opportunity to submit the full MS which I will do once I’ve made the RNA NWS suggested tweaks. (I was also trying to prove that I could be professional and not a complete drunken buffoon.)Twenty minutes later she emailed back, not only confirming that I hadn’t dreamt Saturday night, but also giving me her feedback and the constructive feedback from Donna Condon, Senior Editor at Piatkus publishing.
*Weight control:* Fruits help you in losing weight by satisfying
I wrote an entire post about cheese trying to kill me. It’s clear to be now that many of you have also experienced near death at the villanous hands of cheese. When will this horror stop??
Don’t try to get results like ours on a standard search engine; you’ll be bombarded with forums, news, articles, and competitors. Don’t be fooled into thinking you are searching every market out there by directory sites…all you are “searching” with them are their own advertiser’s sites. While we do have advertising on our site, the raw results are all-inclusive and unbiased.
I've been told that children who use rice-filled heating pads love them. The warmth of a heating pad can soothe a child's achy muscles or ease the pain of a stomach ache. It can keep a child warm on a cold night, and it can even be used to gently warm up a baby's crib before he goes to bed. (Remove the heating pad before the baby is placed in the crib, and always check the mattress temperature.) I'm certain a rice filled heating pad is not nearly as good as being held by a loving grandparent, but hopefully having their very own "Love Birds" will remind them that they are loved!
I’ll be chatting along with Frank of Franktalks.com and Dr. Laurie about this very timely topic, and hopefully a little bit about my books too.
53 Lock the start screen layer.
Fan you into despair! Have the power still
The course started out through a shopping center, then out onto some mostly shaded residential roads. There is a couple of lakes in this neighborhood, and a very popular golf course (Lochmere). So we had a big downhill going towards the first lake. The good news is that I hit the first lake and saw the first mile marker in 5:42. The bad news is that the mile marker was only placed at 0.77 miles in. My actual time on the first mile was more like 7:07, which is perfectly reasonable. Perhaps too fast, even. Eventually they spaced the mile markers more properly, as the course overall was accurately measured.
We look up for God, but tears have made us blind."
To participate, consumers can go to The Home Depot or The Home Depot Foundation’s Facebook page, and choose how many of the six easy and fun outdoor projects they want to tackle. Once their project is completed, consumers simply upload a photo of their creation and select which organization they would like to receive $100. The Home Depot Foundation will donate up to $25,000 to each of the four nonprofits for projects completed in their honor, and will double the total amount for the organization that receives the most projects.
5. Confessions of A Suicide Advocate
You should seriously comment, because do you know how long it took me to upload all those pictures? Not to mention actually write things? Come on people. And my contacts are really dry.
Wandrei was born in Saint Paul, Ramsey County, Minnesota. All of his grandparents were early Minnesota settlers. Donald’s father, Albert Christian Wandrei, became chief editor of West Publishing Company, America’s leading publisher of law books. Donald grew up in his parents’ house at 1152 Portland Ave, St Paul and lived there most of his life save for a stint in the Army and occasional sojourns in New York and Hollywood. He loved frequent rambles in the woods along the Minnesota River; it was Wandrei who later taught August Derleth the fine art of morel hunting.
AU: In our case the informal economy is loose milk but unlike some of the other sectors, I am totally opposed to doing anything against the informal economy. Obviously the gawala doesn’t pay income and excise tax which a lot of people complain about but the purpose of business is to be able to generate a profit for yourself while meeting the needs of the society you are serving. You cannot de-link the two and you cannot say that just because it is good for Engro’s profit, all loose and non-pasteurised milk should be banned. Half the population of this city will not be able to afford milk if that happens.
It is the least we can do.
Oh how this girl makes me laugh. Big, loud belly laughs. At 28 months she is just a riot! Yesterday she found a Frankenstein hat and went on to wear it all through dinner and our walk to the park. Seriously- only Ellie! In the first two photos she was trying to grab the camera to "See Ellie!"
to stand
It's kind of hard for liberals and progressives to argue that President Obama's actions as demonstrated here are anything other than wrong. On the other hand, I kind of feel like this borders on criminal- it's the utter misuse of government resources to support a person's political ambitions and fly friends and family around the nation in taxpayer paid luxury.
Distance to the mic is extremely important because our ears relate distance to the intimacy
For scuba diving, the ruins of ARC Sebastián de Belalcázar, a sunken ship that survived Pearl Harbor and later became a Colombian Naval ship, offer a good opportunity to discover the diversity and beauty of the Pacific Ocean.
“After deeply investigating the server this breach occurred on we wish to reiterate that there is no evidence of data being copied or accessed on a wide scale.”John Strong , Managing Director at eUKhost Ltd said.
3. Are You Sitting Comfortably?
For me - a lot closer to home - the news of SUSPIRIA on the big screen is just as enticing as the above news. 26th Feb sees Argento's classic playing at Derby's excellent Quad Cinema just 13 miles from where we live. This screening will be introduced by my good friend Darrell Buxton. Unfortunately, an 11.00pm start time and the prospect of a costly cab ride back means we won't have the money to attend, but will be there in spirit.
Formerly the old Toy building, 50,000 square feet of repurposed space devoted to food, conquers any craving you could conjure. They will even wash and chop your vegetables for you. If you've seen most New York kitchens, it makes perfect sense. To feed our souls, we hit the Metropolitan Museum of Art. If I lived in New York I would go every week and be a brilliant (and thin) connoisseur. There is no such thing as having "done" the Met. There are always more, new ways of seeing art. On the way over, I can never resist a stop at Bardith.
The rest of the trade show was the usual mixture of junk-retailers (there's always some company which provides those out-of-copyright box-sets you see at discount stores), digital music services, merch retailers, we'll-get-you-on-radio services, trade publications, and miscellaneous doo-dads like the USB-stick concert-recording services, of which there were two, housed side-by-side in furious competition.
I like when the Orioles win; ‘course they don’t win much so I ain’t got a lot to be happy about. I used to be happy when Mama talked about me n’ her going to New York City. I figured if we ever got there, I was gonna see a New York Yankees game. The Yankees, now that’s a team you can be happy about.
2. Simple in design regardless of the number of embellishments or how long it takes to color, stitch or to use a special technique. OR
Here on my Egyptian couch
The challenge will close as usual next Saturday at 8.00pm GMT.
"Because you weren't born yet."
A Linux based web browser:
Hambly silver and white cloud overlay
For those who wanted the pub stock to fall the clearances brought a huge result. Over a dozen pubs in the area bounded by what is now Prince Street/Merehall Drive, the south side of Halliwell Road, and Higher Bridge Street were swept away with just two as the Cotton Tree and the Spinners Arms were built in their place. The whole landscape between Halliwell Road and Chorley Old Road was altered for ever but the area’s pubs were hardly adequately replaced.
You can also roll from your back to your side,
It's ten times (or fifty times, or, I don't know...) harder for us to proclaim a message of moral living when at the heart of "Rich-and-Powerful"-world, corruption seems the way to go. Seriously you leaders, GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER! Please. Thank you.
Chief Executive, Brian Brick, said “The kids are wearing suits a bit more. they go clubbing in a suit and they want to dress up more”.
David: Mazda Pick up 2.7 ltr
You know what?
and helps me find a way to bring dream and reality together.
The British Library host introduces Russ at some length with critical epithets including “the strangest writer in Britain”. Riddley Walker “keeps astounding everyone who encounters it ... its vision of a possible future English takes the story of a future English language as documented over in the BL’s exhibition Evolving English – One Language, Many Voices into a far, far, far possible future.” Self meanwhile was chosen for his “love of and bravery with language and his willingness to embrace the barely possible in his novels” which in turn made him an “ideal choice” to write the introduction to the 2002 edition of Riddley Walker.
“N”, our quiet and happy go lucky guy has been doing fantastic! He is one that is in to routine and if that routine is broken, he will tantrum, but lately, we have been working on switching things up (within reason), and he has dealt with it superbly! He also doesn’t like to go places that are unfamiliar… but with a lot of work, he is taking our outings with stride and has come a long way. He seems to be happy when we are out and I think it is because he feels secure. His academics are soaring. Hell… even today he shocked the crap out of me. Normally when he washes his hands, he doesn’t get all the soap off, so we help him hold his hands under the water and count to 10. He counts so good! Well, today, he didn’t get rinsed, so I took him to the sink and helped hold his hands under the water and told him to count to 10… the little booger says “10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1″! I didn’t even know he could count backwards!
droplets patter on the sill
On to obsolete belief
Now onto the Top 3. Well Everyone else can have it so that's a Top 5 then!!!!
2 tbsp. butter
He said, first, that if these artificial means were to spread,
If not, let me introduce you. Cuisinart's Rice Plus™ Multi-Cooker with Fuzzy Logic Technology is a fancy schmancy rice cooker, and I mean that in the best possible way. Basically, it's a rice cooker that is also a slow cooker and steamer. And it has a built in brain. It's fantastic. Seriously. I can steam rice, I can steam vegetables. I can slow cook meat. I can cook just about anything I want in it, even going as far as being able to saute the food first.
Not a damn thing except a whole sky of dark. No stars, no nothing.
We were stopped about four times for people to ask if the pups were pit bulls, if they could pet them, and to ask what were doing! Aside from Havi barking at a few runners and a few pups, they were focused, proud ambassadogs!
This should really be read with a hearty voice and a Scottish accent, preferably with a glass of single malt in hand.
M: “Hey babe?”
Step 9
Phewwww…..
I'm hesitant to say much more, because this is a hard book to talk a lot about without potentially spoiling it, so mark your calendars for 17 January 2012 for the US release!
And who’s the potter and who’s the pot?
50. Keeping the flame of friendship strong and bright because there's nothing like it in the world.
ANSWER: As discussed many times before, your contracts are beginning plans only, changeable as you grow. They don’t represent a “set-in-cement” plan for your life. If they did, where’s your free choice to change? How could you respond to spiritual growth if you had no choice to change?
While the earth and the heavens were waiting
"Junior played for 20 years. That's five concussions a game, easily. How many in his career then? That's over 1,500 concussions. I know that's startling, but I know it's true. I had over 1,000 in my 15 years. I felt the effects of it. I felt depression going on throughout my divorce. Junior went through it with his divorce."
Four or five years ago, I was a member of Romance Writers of America (RWA) for a year. That year, their annual convention was in Dallas, just a day trip away. I got caught up in the excitement and the envy of author-wannabes scheduling pitch sessions with agents and editors. Oh, the battle royales that ensued over jimmying for position at those sessions. In the end I elected not to go and amid all the gushing preparations and the mushy after-glow reports I was sure I’d made the wrong decision.
He’s not the only one who recognizes the power of name branding. You know who people are talking about when they call up the nicknames of performers like JLo and Ice Cube, athletes like A-Rod and Macho Camacho, and reality stars Snooki and JWoww of Jersey Shore fame. Is it really that hard to call a guy Alex? No, but being called A-Rod is infinitely cooler—and therefore more salable.
On Boxing Day, December 26th I continued being social and attended a lovely party at a g/f’s house which they hosted on a rotational basis. Lots of friends from the yacht club that I knew along with many of their family members and extended family too. I hadn’t really felt like going out for a third day in a row, but I had a really good time and was proud of myself for making the effort.
lot of explosives, numbering
Out of the golden age of boxing it is just Ali who is left standing. A man who has spent a lifetime in the boxing ring and has been fighting physical challenges in his twilight years.
As I write this in longhand on the 747, I am 2 hours 45 minutes into a 10 hour 45 minutes flight back to the UK.
_____This coffee is not doing its job today. Maybe I should have used Red Bull instead of water. (funny red bull quote)
not to bear sin, but to bring salvation
B. He Feeds The Wild Animals vs. 9
For it is not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father which speaketh in you.
Bryce shows up in this ad for D’Addario & Company, “an American manufacturer of high quality musical accessories including strings for all stringed instruments, cables, drum heads, drum sticks, reeds & many more.”
WALLOP! I right-hooked the doors of my agency open.
* I read a recent Guardian piece about Science Fiction to celebrate the opening of the British Library’s science fiction exhibition Out of This World. Your two series, Mortal Engines, and the Larklight trilogy, seem to have a strong Steampunk / Science Fiction influence and I wondered if these were genres you enjoy reading?
That being said, the fact that this blog post quoted this study as saying that the normal time it takes for people (but men, in particular) to fall in love and then express that verbally is 97 days, blew my mind.
The personality trait most useful in my life is… my ability to appear interested and mildly intelligent at school supper evenings.
One of the best things about having a Roast dinner is what you can do with the left-overs after. For Easter Monday we slowly barbecued a boneless and butterflied leg of lamb. It was probably the best Roast Lamb we've ever done and despite eating way more than we should have, we still had plenty left for several other meals. Up first was this delicious Roast Lamb Baguette. Since the lamb was barbecued on the charcoal BBQ it had a lovely mellow smokiness so I decided the best option was to keep the Baguette nice and refreshing and go for some Greek flavours with plenty of crisp greens, fresh mint and a Tzatziki inspired mayo. If you are in a real hurry you could always substitute bought Tzatziki for the Tzatziki mayonnaise –
11-20-2007
Three of the five publishers named in the lawsuit--HarperCollins, Hachette, and Simon and Schuster--have agreed to settle. Among other things, the settlement prohibits them from setting consumer prices for the next two years, prevents them from entering into retailer agreements that include Most Favored Nation clauses (i.e., no one can undersell the retailer) for the next five years, and requires them to terminate their contracts with Apple within seven days of signing the settlement. They must also engage in a variety of compliance activities, including appointing an Anti-Trust Compliance Officer. (Helpful overviews of the settlement terms can be found at ShelfAwareness, Wired, and Publishers Weekly.)
I was also loving the single life.
and between the lines and out of sight
A very special friend is getting married later this month at our local lighthouse later and the gift for the guests is small jars of Bello Uccello wildflower honey, so we have bottled her supply in large jars, so she can bottle into her speciality jars with cards and ribbons. What a great idea they had!
Often these programs are buried within other programs making them difficult to find.
Rocky IV was released in 1985, the same year as Stallone starred I Rambo: First Blood, Part II. He earned a reputation in the latter, which he denies, as a jingoistic Cold Warrior single-handedly defeating the red menace. I have often wonder why Rambo was pinned in such a way when Rocky had a far bigger case of it here.
We even had a Prime Minister who morphed into a Malay bumiputra and bred a Malay Elite race within Umno at the expense of other races as well as the rural Malays. Everything that was done during his era began with a Capital ‘M’. Mahathir Mohamad or M O N E Y. And money was the in-word for cronies of the government, who in turn became an exclusive ‘who’s who list’ of select firms privatizing Malaysia thanks to fat government contracts that benefited only themselves but not the people. No, it was the people who were forced to fork out toll and pay higher prices while the cronies appeared on Forbes list of the world’s richest!
Two other beers are worth mentioning. The have a very nice apricot wheat, which is a nice dry American wheat beer with just a hint of apricot which is a study in restraint and very satisfying. And then there is the El Guapo:
Those for whom the bleep test is an approaching nightmare, the yoyo a yearning easily ignored, the skin-fold measuring device as welcome as a dentist’s drill, the press conference a void to be avoided and foot movement a distraction from the job of laying bat on ball, Virenda Sehwag is an idol.
So the general consensus is that I should man the fuck up and just ask her out.
I Am 2 is now engaged in a project to provide temporary shelter, food, water and adult care to 37 orphans in Migori, Kenya. We are trying to raise up an army of compassionate people who will each contribute whatever they can – even $5-10 each, to help us provide care for these children until our partner in the project, BrightPoint for Children, can secure sponsorships for these 37 kids. If you want to contribute, follow this link and scroll down to find the “Donate” button: Help the 37 Migori Orphans
Scotto, Plishka, & Caballe. The halls of the
Genius meets Genius
I’m still in touch with Frances.
The Road To Domestos
- Swords & Wizardry White Box: This is the scrappy little system I used for my first ConstantCon session of Tales from the Hotel Kaladarian. Prior to that single session I had never before played any D&D edition (or retro-clone thereof) prior to 1977, i.e., Holmes. It ran well, though at times I missed the easy familiarity of Labyrinth Lord. In any case, I haven't even come close to playing enough White Box to say that I've given it a fair trial yet.
As the mother of two children diagnosed on the autistic spectrum, I have been given the privilege of choosing to view the world through a completely different lens. And it is a choice. Many people make the choice not to look through this lens and continue to blame bad parenting or wrong life choices for what they see. But for me; this lens helps me to see and appreciate the small things that I may have never have noticed before, and it makes a lot of things clearer and has caused my focus to change dramatically.
In 1885, another former president of the society, Hugh O’Brien, made history when becoming the first Catholic mayor of Boston, going on to serve four consecutive terms. Irish influence would steadily grow from that point on.
And reusable menstrual pads? Just shoot me now. Apparenlty they are much more environmentally friendly. I'm sorry, I'll plant a fucking forest of trees with my bare hands using my teeth as a shovel before I'm washing bloody rags.
07. Lost in Paradise
My second car was a suzuki esteem wagon, named Tabitha, lovingly called Tabby. I had Tabby in college and you could cram all your crap into her at the end of the school year and make the long trek home. You could cram her full of drunk college girls and make 2am taco runs. She braved snow storms and flying rocks aimed at her windshield. Tabby was a great car who will always be associated with great college memories.
CSN is letting me treat one of you lucky bloggy folks to a nice helping of 35 e code to shop at CSN! Now,How nice is that! Those people are just wonderful,huh?
Into Eve’s life jumps Rabbit — a feral street artist, freesteal (a combination of parkour and street art) enthusiast and denizen of the urban demi-monde. As with other Taylor characters (the father in Stanley Park comes to mind) Rabbit’s mental stability is not always a given. A self-identified burnout case from the tech boom, the twenty-six-year-old Rabbit left a promising career in technical engineering on a point of ethics, to wander (quite literally) in the wilderness before insinuating himself into the city’s urban street art scene. Inspired by a comment made by real-life documentarian Werner Herzog, that a culture without adequate images is doomed, Rabbit has found some personal fulfilment with his urban art projects. He has earned a certain fame within this niche for his landscape series “alley-long posters of wildflowers and mountain fields,” a sort of virtual re-imposition of “what might have been if the city were not standing.” Art is, however, by his own admission, only a transition phase for him, fame is n
Aimee Mann went on to record as a solo artist and became a sought-after soundtrack contributor in the film industry. Her original song “Save Me” from the movie “Magnolia” was nominated for both Grammy Awards and an Academy Award.
I think that they should be: for surely all else in Nature that is about relationships has math? Light, Gravity, Water and Heat etc. So why would there not be Math that supports how Human Relationships work?
Medieval Wench for an Evening at 2Summers. Who knew there were medieval-style banquets, complete with period costumes, in Jo’burg? I sure didn’t, and this post had me smiling from ear to ear.
UBS, Citigroup, ABN Amro, Barclays, Bank of New York Mellon, Credit Suisse, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, Lloyds, State Street, Wells Fargo, and finally Bank of America are all talking about massive lay offs. Bank of America may actually cut 10,000 jobs which would mean a 3.5% reduction of their work force. When the biggest financial institutions are opting to run skeleton crews we are in serious trouble. Most jobs in America are service jobs or financial jobs. I say we need a radical reduction in CEO compensation. If they really believe in their company they can take one for the team, and realize that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few.
Jayne mentioned calling her lawyer, severing all ties with vigilance in a legally-binding way. I like the vision of marshals serving papers on a shirtless, barefoot vigilance at 3:30 some morning. As my son would say, "ooooh, snap."
The taco construction was the most fun. While we both have a very different layering process, I was only able to record mine because the tacos across the table were gobbled up so fast- it was hard for me not to do the same!
In the film, two railroads, both on lines out of St. Louis, were used in the filming. Those railroads are the Missouri Pacific Lines, and the Gulf, Mobile and Ohio Railroad. Unlike the Missouri Pacific, a railroad that we already discussed twice in two previous posts, “Things are Tough All Around”, a Cheech and Chong Movie, and “End of the Line”, a Wilford Brimely movie, the GM&O had not been in any other films that we discussed
The two axes in this approach are the attractiveness of the market and the competitive position of the product line. Where a particular product line falls along these axes is determined by an analysis of that product line and its market, using the following criteria:
No your reasons were not mine, were not mine.
The Subhumans are an anarcho-punk band formed in the Trowbridge & Melksham area of Wiltshire, UK in 1980. Dick Lucas joined later in the year, having formerly been in local band The Mental. Other members had been in the Stupid Humans.
I was a young girl,
I sprinkled baking soda on the bottom of a small tub and filled three cups with vinegar and food-coloring. Handing A an eye dropper, I set her loose to experiment with "painting" the baking soda with the vinegar. (Growing a Jeweled Rose used spray bottles, but the eye dropper helped draw out the activity and was great for fine motor control.)
About that time in comes one of the regulars and sits down at the bar.
Now when I am unable to commit to something or detour from the original goal, I feel less like a failure because I know I am doing my all to manifest my biggest dreams and desires and the reality is SHIT CHANGES…
--Chris Owens (opponent of AY)
Bob – How can people contact you to discuss commercial real estate?
Slice off the crown and soak in mineral water.
Image, Canvas Size, 700 X 700, we can resize later
Sister and I are continuing our birthday celebrating with a night stay at this place Wednesday night. I'm jealous of myself. I am hoping we get a room with a bath tub so I can take a bath after a dip in the pool. Seriously, I am so excited.
There’s just so much evidence to the contrary it makes me think you’re actually not talking about history, just about what you’d like history to be.
1 medium-sized onion, thinly sliced
“What are your symptoms?!” I demanded. I typed in red rash, with results for Heart Disease. The following information appeared In a panic she began to cry, thinking her death was near and I knew the joke had gone too far. I reassured her that she was fine because she didn’t live in the United States. A perfect example of the power the internet has on people and how it effects those who believe it is full of only the truth.
Ultimate & golfOriginal Frisbee Disc Sports: Ultimate & Golf
I hate gardening. Like, really hate it. I don’t know my clay soil from my peat soil, I forget to water my plants and, much to Paul’s annoyance, I shy away from any kind of physically hard labour. Oh, and I don’t like spiders, spider webs, worms, bugs in general, moss, rain, ‘getting stuck in’…. I am a pathetic excuse for a human being.
"Half of the respondents said they bought a product in 2009 because of something they'd seen on a social networking site." "...a whopping 80% of the women polled said they had (become fans of brands or products)""...it is excellent data for retailers searching for clues about competing in this pinched consumer world."Well, this is pretty convincing stuff. And there was more. So I decided to explore a little further.
Of Mice and Men
Non FAT Half 'n Half - (I KNOW how do they DO THAT?)
Five people have died from cholera in South Africa, after crossing from Zimbabwe, where a recent outbreak has killed more than 300 people.
IP TRANSLATOR consequences - part 2
* a masochistic personality
It should be noted the 1996 cost estimates contained in this report are much lower than the 1995 estimates for reasons explained in Vol. 1, Sec. 5.3. In fact, the prime emphasis of this report is the often fluctuating costs of the environmental management program, and not the variety or amounts of the contamination being remediated. Assumed remedial strategies for a variety of remediation scenarios are listed in Vol. 1, Table 6.2, pg. 6.8. “This analysis does not account for any costs incurred by the civilian radioactive waste management program.” (Vol. 1, pg. 6-20).
I had already gone through all the older 2 clothes See this post it was about going through the other items in the cupboard. The next cupboard to do was for my middle boy. His cupboard is in the playroom (the oldest 2 share a room so we can have a playroom). The trofast holds all the arts and crafts and can become a dumping ground.
Even if you’ve written five books and on book number six you feel hit with writer’s block and you don’t know what to do: Baby steps. One page at a time. Five-hundred words at a time. A paragraph at a time. Whatever you need to do to just chip away at it. Start with something small.
Critics will throw raw numbers around showing how businesses devoured others or formed monopolies during the Gilded Age, but they rarely get into the details. Some businesses were aided by government to form de-facto coercive monopolies, while others got gobbled up because they could not compete, contributing to the statistics showing shrinking numbers of businesses in a given industry.
Sycamore Bar and Flower Shop
God was confronting them for thinking they were beyond living in the miracle zone. Understand, if the matter of having a son was not impossible, the glory for such a miracle would have not have been given to God. The birth would have simply been a product of love.
All you have to do is open a 9th Anniversary Celebration Box and you’ll get the leaf:
And lastly is our really old 3 tonne. Neil was giving it a good washing and tomorrow he is gonna fill it with oats and go farming. We only farm 60 or so acres so it don't take much seed or much time, but still gotta have the equipment around.
They agree and we get up to open the door.
Sonographer (SG): Just follow me please.
The game has officially changed! I just got a full page in Coastal Living, things are crazy, life is good.
I neeeed a holiday. I was talking to my mom yesterday & she was thinking of going away for a few days in the inter-semester break. Probably to an island. I would laaaarve to. I want to just read & sleep & not stress about things for five whole minutes. The last book I read was Stargirl, & while it is freaking AWESOME, it's for my reading log for Uni, so it wasn't exactly escapism. Plus that was a week ago.
Scripture Reading from Corinthians
2-3 chicken feet, scored, optional
Certain foods can actually help you sleep better and help you lose weight on their own. Eat these foods to sleep better, lose more weight, and melt your belly fat. Here’s how to get started!
I spent an hour this morning categorizing all the transactions and revising the budget.
I did my best and suppose I created my own shifting syllabus as the years unfolded, and worked with the session to get a system of evaluation in place for me (more or less). But I retained that yearning for someone to give such structure to me all through my six years of ministry (to a greater or lesser degree).
Psalm 85: 8-9 (the Message)
Here is the closet all empty and clean.
Intervention Details:
They are also a reminder that bullshit is not good for business.
stayed at. It would be interesting to see the staff side of the
“That’s pretty tough…tough talk,” said Fletcher.
A millennium
protecting the innocent, of course. But look how proud Granny Towanda is!
another day, another week—
Lisa Bloom's advice to have real conversations with little girls (and boys!) is wonderful. (Think: "Have you been swimming this summer?" "Do you like animals?" "Do you know any jokes?") Changing the conversation topic is such a seemingly small thing, but it can make a profound difference, don't you think?
smoke
f) The prohibition to publish statements, photographs, or any other documents that are allegedly connected to said book and video or said thesis.
Now that it looks like I am treating the alcohol problem successfully with Baclofen my future looks 100% times brighter. With my desire to drink eliminated, I shouldn’t fall into the same pattern of getting drunk with new colleagues.
Bruschetta–another favorite at my home. I often make this Italian-inspired appetizer several times during the summer by topping garlic-rubbed toasted bread with a mixture of homegrown grape tomatoes and fresh basil tossed in olive oil and seasoned with sea salt. I usually jazz it up with crumbled goat cheese and drizzled balsamic vinegar and enjoy it with my family out on our cobblestone patio. Ah, bliss!
I am not making this up, it’s right there in Ephesians. It is not inappropriate or rebellious to seek balanced and Christ-instructed leadership, especially when we start by asking God how he might want to use US to equip his Church.
The next morning, Wednesday the alarm goes off but your feet don’t hit the floor instead your hand hits the snooze. No big deal you can do your work out at night when you get home from work. The day turns into a mess, it seems that everyone is on your case, you just cant catch a break. All you want to do is get home and lay on the couch, as your resting your husband walks in with a pizza. At this point you have no will power, all the motivation you had on Monday is out the window. Before you know it you are sitting there in front of the empty box questioning if you just devoured the entire pie!
That’s not a rhetorical question, by the way. I’m truly curious.
-Wash the avocado and cut into half,twist and turn to release one half from seed.Poke a sharp knife in the seed and gently lift it up without disturbing the pulp.
HAMUUL: It’s been…a slow process here.
Here we start to see what the magic that Bidmead sought to eliminate was. It was specifically the use of magic as an excuse to not explain things - the sort of silly play whereby the Doctor survives things or accomplishes things simply because he is the Doctor. It is an assertion that the Doctor’s mercurial powers must function materially now - that he must not simply destabilize the world but work his way through it, using language and observation and play within the system to dismantle it. The Doctor’s magic must be advanced magic, indistinguishable from technology, based on the play within a system and rules and the ambiguities and gaps of that system.
If it isn't evident by now, I am fascinated by the juxtaposition of elements that at first glance seem at odds with each other. You, for instance, can easily come across as a flighty pretty boy whose interests do not seem to go beyond his chichi friends, the drama of his lovelife, or the importance of eyeshadow.
to understand the square root
Despite this, we now learn almost daily of things that prompt the question once again: are we headed for the list of African failures. Recently an outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease occurred because a vital border fence with Mozambique had been neglected.
In the months that followed that debut, the culture of protest evolved and diversified with further large protests, most notably on 25 March, 25 April, and 24 May. In late March-early April 2011 there was a schism, as a new movement – “Don’t Touch My Nationality” (TPMN) – emerged in response to the national registration programme, which became deeply unpopular among that half of the population descended from black Africans. The issues centred around the insensitive and inequitable methods used by authorities to prove nationality, with the implication that they were deliberately trying to exclude citizens on the basis of their skin colour. This exposes wounds in Mauritanian civil society that are yet to heal: inequalities attributed to racial discrimination; the failure to eradicate slavery; and a series of events up to and during the Mauritania–Senegal Border War of 1989-91, when tens of thousands of black African citizens were forcibly expelled and still unknown numbers were massacred. There were aggressive actions durin
To add some color and pattern we fabric wall-papered the backs of the glass front cabinets. The fabric is a Joel Dewberry home décor. Jenny posted this project almost a year and a half ago (time flies!).
To obtain the life and career we as writers have so greatly desired, we must dream, visualize what we want and work hard. At first, we are the aspiring journalist.
Tomorrow I am wearing long underwear. And taking two blankets.
–$650 million for digital TV coupons
Onto another topic, I was attacked by fire ants today. I went to town with my mom and as soon as I stepped out of the car, I didn’t even walk 2 feet, I felt a burning on my foot. I saw about 10 – 15 ants on the back of my leg. They were even in my shoe. I started freaking out because it was burning so bad. I wondered if I stepped in a ant bed but apparently I didn’t. So the rest of the afternoon, I’ve had these huge swollen areas on my foot. Now the itching stage has started and it’s driving me batty! Being pregnant and ants don’t match. Heh.
In the Old Testament book of Joshua there is an interesting passage in chapter 24. Joshua had just addressed the people of Israel – reminding them of their past and casting a vision for their future. He warned them of what would happen if they stopped following God and started following other “gods” in the land they had newly conquered. In response, the people all said, “We will serve the Lord!” Then came the interesting part about the rock.
Name: Use your real name. That way you don't have to remember to respond to a new name while at events! It is also easier for your fellow reenacting friends, especially if they are also doing first person and having a hard enough time remembering to call everyone “Sir” or “Mr.”!
It's just a good job I'd made 2 different alcoholic beverages, 1 a mulled wine and the other a cranberry punch (the punch being the fact that the cranberry juice was diluted with cassis) because this meant that most people were keen to try both before switching to water. Imagine if I'd only made the mulled wine! Next year I'll have to have 3 concoctions to offer!
Concluding in PLoS ONE, Han and co-authors say: "Our results suggest that one-time measurement of plasma vitamin D may reasonably reflect long-term sun exposure and predict the risk of non-melanoma skin cancer."
* Slightly Liberal = 2,
I knew it had to be in one of three structures: Talbot, the parking structure, or the fire pit. I walked over to Commons since it’s centrally located between the three. I met Taylor there and we discussed where it could be as we awaited the 1:04 tweet. The time came and I kept refreshing my twitter, but nothing came. I was getting anxious. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, the tweet came. It said:
Merl should have been the keyboardist after Keith. They would have looked like the Celtics in the 80′s, racially. Also, Walton.
But all that is for a different posting. No, before that one, or rather those, which seem like they’ll be draining enough to write that I want to be well rested when I do so, I think it would be fun to share why I take the particular subject of the divine to write about. And the answer is, I had a question.
After filing the injunction application, the City released letters purporting to show that the three required permits were obtained on July 28, July 30 and August 5. However, they filed a report that migratory birds were still nesting on the site on August 21, thus showing that the protestors had actually saved the City from breaking the federal Migratory Birds Convention Act.
Wrestling is done, and I've got some things to say so this make take a couple of minutes....
Feeding
While I have pointed that the hardware shown in the anatomy chapter isn’t necessarily of the RB6, what is on show is obviously genuine and recent RBR. So for those not so familiar with the cars constituent parts, there isn’t a better source of this available in print today. Even web resources will fail to have such a comprehensive breakdown of an F1 car.
It will take a process to really Grasp Equal Money. I find for myself Even after 3 years, I am still in the “learning what it is” stage. This is not a quick fix, thus to not expect to just automatically “get – it” it will take time. So lets get Crack’n
Our elders should never be left to feel unwanted or as if they are a bother. Unfortunately, more times than not, that is exactly how they feel in today’s society. Some left alone to die, imagine the fear and sorrow their hearts must feel….some will have a room full of people awaiting their death but never were really there to make the last moments memorable. My hope for society is that we start to recognize where we have fallen short with elders and fix it.
tights
Leonardo Da Vinci’s Mona Lisa is one of the most famous and most celebrated works of all time. The mastery of the painting lies in its subtle detail, including the faint smile, and Mona Lisa’s distinctive gaze. The work is said to have been commissioned by a gentleman named Francesco del Giocondo, who hired Leonardo to paint a portrait of his wife, and this is why The Mona Lisa is sometimes referred to as La Gioconda. While this is a theory on the origination of the painting, scholars have disagreed throughout the ages about how factual this story really is.
And frost and snow bedecked outside
Then one morning, she decides she needs to get out of her dark hole. She needs to get out and into the bright blue world. She gets ready and she puts on her sexiest, cutest outfit.
Mind, anyway builds it’s own world,
Make Your Health—and Your Bones—a Priority
I've decided that since it's my blog and I can do whatever I want with it, I'm going to start sharing my 1990s memories with you.
When the poster is done it will land on my bedroom wall; that’s where the lovely laptop and I live. I figure the more I see it, the more active my imagination will be in placing characters into its depths.
Pretty much everybody thinks Rupert Murdoch isn’t fit to run a media company. And, hell, we know that. But when Parliament thinks Rupert Murdoch isn’t fit to run a media company, well, that could have real-life, tangible, bottom-line consequences. Because the UK doesn’t let just any old thieving, lying, wiretapping raper of the hopes of the parents of kidnapped children own a media company the way the U.S. does. No, News Corp. could have to actually divest itself of its 40% share of BSkyB. Ouch.
There's a five-stage process:
Posey Osterhagen is not a hottie. She’s about 107 pounds soaking wet, with a cow-lick that refuses to be tamed, and a complete inability to dress like a girl. This is a slight improvement over her high school self. Now, no need to feel sorry for Posey. She’s a completely happy, business-owning, big dog loving woman who has had a wonderful childhood and is still surrounded by a loving family and group of friends.
Tips:
The following is the work plan adopted by the committee for 2012. It’s not a complete list of all the issues we may ultimately touch upon throughout the year, but these are the areas of focus in which we will attempt to drive the conversation and engage the City and other stakeholders. If there’s something your community believes should be added to the list, or a topic you’d like to discuss, please let me know, or start a discussion in the comments section below.
There is also some ribbons too (Forgot to include them in the pics)
All professionals in the field of psychiatry who dealt with Breivik on a daily basis ridiculed the first report except those who wrote it.
The days and weeks following were very difficult for both me and my roommate. She didn’t get information about her extended family north of Sendai for a while after it happened and on top of that, her dad was part of the defense army as a doctor and he volunteered to go and help with the earthquake victims shortly after it had happened. I had never seen my roommate cry until this happened and I was there for her every step of the way, even forcing her to come home with me for Spring Break about 2 weeks later because she would have been alone at school and I didn’t want to leave her alone during that time.
Every woman should understand, and know how to perform, every duty of cooking or cleaning, mending or making, proper to a house; and a regular, practical course of training under her mother's eye might well occupy an hour or two of the girl's morning. May I suggest the great use and value of a household book, in which the young housekeeper notes down exactly how to do everything, from the scouring of a floor to the making of an omelet, either as she has done it herself, or has watched it being done, with the little special wrinkles that every household gathers.
Now I don't want to be negative and it's possible that I am merely a pessimist (although I will defend myself by insisting on the term realist), but when I look and listen to the news that surrounds both micro and macro economic issues to me it appears there is trouble on the horizon.
Nowhere is this clearer than in the exaggerated smiles, winks and expressions of its two leads.Jean Dujardin is a revelation in the title role. A dead-ringer for Walt Disney – with trimmed moustache, brimming smile and brylcreemed hair – he exudes charm and sophistication with seemingly no effort at all. Somehow, he’s able to turn his character George Valentine’s cockiness into a virtue. It’s a wonder to behold. Such is the power of his onscreen presence that he is able to carry the film for 100 minutes with only one line of audible dialogue. And as the last act neared its conclusion (with me hopelessly captivated by its exuberant final flourish), I couldn’t help but think that, in some way, his whole life must have prepared him for this role. (Yes, of course, I know this is probably fancy, but still…when it works cinema makes you forget yourself.)
Corruption, that scourge of the modern democracy...Can it be snuffed out in the Middle East?
you wait
Each one of them gave their very best and more. And for us it was a true joy to have them as we too became better simply being with them.
Spinach, which is a rich source of lutein, appeared to offer the most protection against the disease. The researchers concluded that the carotenoids present in food may decrease the risk of developing severe cataracts.
Saturated self-portrait: Blake, nice guy, class clown, always trying to get a laugh, not sure where to focus.
Do you have any other feedback on this blog? We love your opinions.
anyway, with that, i’d like to introduce you to my latest blogging series.
Regarding the "Top Ten" Rocket Dockets, the breakdown is as follows, along with the median time-to-trial (in years):
But, ja den hey! We’re proud of dem
The first “home show” was a great success - Andy says there will be more and he hopes the idea catches on with Cairns music lovers.
Two weeks ago, we didn't have any games because the kids were on a school break and we honestly didn't know what to do do with ourselves. So instead of complaining that we have four games to go to this weekend, I'm going to enjoy every minute of it.
“Oh my God, the shelling has started and look—smoke is covering no-man’s land, and I can see the enemy cutting through the rolls of barbed wire between us and them!
A little OTT IMHO.
8. Just replaced my copy of "The Unheard Music," the great documentary about X. It's one of those things you lend out and never get back because it gets lent out again.
1 tablespoon freshly ground pepper
but for now i think its enough to say that we know that as parents, we will do everything we can for Isaac, but at the end of the day, its not really up to us at all.
One thing that left a positive impression on me was that the parents of the boys were encouraging and nurturing towards their children's interest in art. May the children continue to be encouraged to nurture their natural interests and talents.
He started out by drawing living animals at the zoo, then studied animal anatomy and worked at the American Museum of Natural History. Despite obstacles like vision problems, he went on to paint many murals and illustrations reconstructing extinct life forms. His work has influenced several generations of artists and filmmakers throughout the 20th century.
But I don't just want to be a successful writer in the monetary sense. I want to write good books, books that touch people with characters that people care about. And I think I know now how to to know when that happens.
Looking out from the balcony, what a beautiful moment for me it was. I inhaled the smell of its air, let the breeze kiss my cheek and brush against my hair. I was guidebookless. I realized then. Sloppy me. So, getting at least a basic map of the city would be useful.
Recently in SXSW conclave, American Express (Amex) has been appreciated for encouraging use of social media. They not only to engage their customers, but also for encouraging business to offer their products and services to amex card members enabled with geo targeting ads. And making a couponless solution.
Azazi, had at the South-South Economic Summit on Friday, said the PDP’s brand of politics, especially the way it picked its candidates for elections, was partly responsible for the Boko Haram problem.
Bottom line - you need a platform. And your platform cannot be your book! Businesses and organizations are not going to pay you to come in and pitch your book for an hour.
So um…given that…I think I’m good being on my own. The reality is setting in that that means not having kids, which is kinda hard to accept (and no, I’m not willing to just do it on my own), but I guess I’ll survive. And if you’re about to say some shit like “aww, you just haven’t met Mr. Right yet/he’ll come along/just be patient” bullshit – shut up. Please. I’m over it. I’m not a pessimist, just a realist. I’m honest with myself unlike most people. I can still walk through life with an upbeat attitude while holding onto reality – accepting the harsh reality that is the world doesn’t mean walking around with a dark cloud over your head and frowning all the time lol So I’ll just walk around cheesing real hard like I already do 24/7, but with a heavy heart.
3. Hang around with people who are
I wore them Friday setting up my jewelry first.
Black, white and neutrals are used almost exclusively,
Just follow this step-by-step guide to Conversing with Marginalised People™ and in no time at all you will have a fool-proof method of derailing every challenging conversation you may get into, thus reaping the full benefits of every privilege that you have.
I have been through layoff before. I have been one of the ones cut in both of those.
6:50 p.m. Swim lesson starts.
between Sullivan & Thompson in SOHO
Next Monday begins American Craft Beer Week". Seven days set aside for lovers of craft beer to "geek on" their favorite beverages while hopefully educating the minds of those who still see beer as just a fizzy - tasteless beverage
Although it's been said
4) The idea of a girl coming from nothing and having an amazing opportunity presented to her that promises to change her life is not uncommon. But SHADOW AND BONE puts a new twist on this idea, and even when the main character, Alina, is given everything she could imagine, she still has to figure out who she truly is on the inside. I loved watching her struggle with what she wanted versus what she knew her responsibilities were.
The group, led by lead singer Debbie Harry and Guitarist Chris Stein, had a great deal of chart success in the late 1970′s and early 1980′s.
Spoon more of the gravy all over the chicken and veggies.
5) Mention the house is just 1 block away from Lake Travis
January 1: A new year and a new beginning.
Natural Hue Bronzer (Brown Bronze)
A place to start if you are travelling to Provence...
If you aren’t sure what to work on, please ask. The restaurant menus are looking good as are the other design projects!
—There are a few purple basil leaves that haven't frozen yet, thanks to being covered with old bedsheets, but for the most part both the purple and green basil plants are history. You can read more about how to extend your basil growing season here, and find out what to do with purple basil (including my favorite pesto recipe) here.
I liked my outfit, something out of the ordinary!
How about the rest of the chapters? Well, I am not that worried about Chapter 1 'cos I think I can write it up in a week (I'm puffing hot air). It's Chapter 2 I'm worried about. Paraphrasing tons of literature is a daunting task and I hate having to remember the rules that go with it. My game plan is to consume an enormous amount of caffeine for a week and write the Lit Review as if my life depended on it. Pretty ambitious eh? If I can pull this off and tidy up the rest of the chapters, I can potentially submit my thesis in April!! You know, the moment I finished typing that, I asked myself "What? You seriously think that's possible?". Not even the voice in my head is convinced. Sometimes I wish she'd shut up.
Michael Hardy Edwards, 33, New York, N.Y.
First what reasons could Nintendo possibly have not to bring Mother to VC? Well for starters is the IP’s track record the SNES game did terribly and Nintendo’s Japanese heads still remember its miserable failure. Nintendo doesn’t even want third party games on eShop that are not going to sell a minimum of 6,000 copies. For first party games there minimum goal is often as low as 25,000 and as high as 100,000. Nintendo does not like or want to release anything that is not a sure thing.
There's something funny going on when people read Wasted. I have lost count of the number of people who, in reviews or comments, have said something about the reader having control, or the reader getting to choose an outcome or path.
The RoadTripppers
Neil Young - Dead Man - 1996
Me and Simon decided to make a day trip to Oldham. I can't imagine many others ever did that. The train comnection was rubbish so we went by coach. Something that was to colour my day. One of the main reaons we picked Oldham was the Oldham brewery. You couldn't really get their beers anywhere else.
The characters and their personalities were a highlight for me. I found them especially entertaining. I love that the main character is so very HUMAN - flaws and all.
Canadian politics generally don't garner a lot of attention at a more international level. Unlike our neighbours to the south, our elections appear, on the surface, to only cause a minor ripple on the political landscape. This time, I feel it's different. Our Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, has characterized this election as unnecessary. I beg to differ.
006 Purple Reign swatched in flash light.
‘Why not?’
The world’s wind farms last year had the capacity to produce 238 gigawatts of electricity at any one time – a 21 per cent rise on 2010.
Hardback Upgrade
We held hands, and we marched. My fear depleted and we became stronger. Our fear became our strength, because together, those bullies don’t stand a chance. I knew at that moment, if all else fails, I could rely on us — the rakyat. Because the rakyat are decent, whose dream is only to see our futures are chartered right, and our country prosper.
Bill Murray:
Director : Nelson McCormick
Scarce o Tatties
Remember what it says?
I last left off on our chalkboard wall project here, where I'd finished the magnetic paint on the lower part of the wall to go under the chalkboard paint. I took a bit longer painting the chalkboard paint because I wanted to give us all a break from breathing in the paint smells so I think I spread it out over a week or so but it was only three coats total.
He just smiled, but his eyes studied her. Watchful. Probing. Aware.
For five months eight days
I'm emerging.
Help create an internal environment unfriendly to many types of parasites
Born on May 25, 1953, Bailey was bred for the jump game as his father Ken was also a successful handler. Bailey currently trains at Thorndale Farm, Andoversford, Gloucestershire, having relocated from his native Northamptonshire in the summer of 2006, while he began his training career at Old Manor Stables in Upper Lambourn. Following a low-profile riding career, he served as assistant to Humphrey Cottrill, Tim Forster and Fred Rimell, before recording his first win as a trainer with Shifting Gold on January 7, 1978, at Sandown in the Anthony Mildmay Chase, a mere six days after taking over the reins from his father. He has trained some top-class jumpers who have rewarded him with training’s highest accolades, notably the Grand National (Mr Frisk, 1990), Cheltenham Gold Cup (Master Oats, 1995) and Champion Hurdle (Alderbrook, 1995). Indeed, Bailey is the only current trainer to have won those three races. He has his own website, (www.kimbaileyracing.com), where he publishes a popular blog. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 1983
Though I have to confess to resting and sleeping quite a bit this weekend, I did manage to whip up a couple of super easy and quickly executed projects.
Even More Pick Up Lines
Once we left the cafe we went next door to a paper/craft store. I don’t feel like giving the details but it was nice. We were comfortable together. Once we were done there we went down the block to a tuxedo/wedding gown shop. We joked around, made fun, and then left. It was comfortable.
Well, the soup was enjoyed by all. One of many things I'm thankful for. But, what will we have tomorrow?
I love coffee in the morning; I love that burnt and earthy smell drifting into my peripheries. But I’d much prefer the drift of a younger crowd and a conversation. I dream of the poets and philosophers of Paris and London in the regency coffee shops or Bakunin, Blanc and International Workingmen’s Association.
"The Greek debt problem is now beyond solution within the euro", he says. "If it does not leave the euro, on the optimistic assumption that the euro does not destroy Greek democracy, its debt write-off will eventually be 100 percent anyhow, with continuing subsidies needed".
I spent my first minutes in central London buying an Oyster card at the Baker Street tube station. Which is also home to this beautiful bakery - Candy Cakes. Their cakes and cupcakes were so cute! Unfortunately I couldn't decide which one I want, so we went to the hostel first and when we came back a few hours later, they were already closed. But that didn't stop me from coming back next morning! I'm not a fan of fruity flavors, so I chose the double chocolate cupcake. I paid the ridiculous price (3.50 pounds if I remember correctly, and the price to eat in was even higher) and got the cupcake wrapped in plastic and a cute paper bag.
The way forward is in the concentration on the details, putting one foot in front of the other, doing small deeds as necessary and joining together with others in unison when the opportunities to do so present themselves.
love the good things
Valentine was found by Omya California Plant workers on Feb. 9 clinging to life after someone had reportedly beaten and abused the small pup, according to sheriff’s officials. Employees immediately called Sounds of Silent Spirits Rescue and Sanctuary president Regine Fonville for help. Fonville transported the puppy to Bear Valley Animal Hospital, where she’s been cared for since.
Harry Ricketts
This was intended to be wearable, but really it is just a muslin. I don't usually make muslins. Unless I intend them to be wearable. I did a few alterations. Same old square shoulder, lower back neckline that I always do. The bodice fits well. Darts are in the right place. I like the subtle sweetheart neckline.
I wonder whether there is anyone else out there who has had a difficult relationship. I feel rather a misfit in society. I go to a group called WAY (widowed and young - under 50) but have yet to meet anyone who has gone through my experience.
Apparently not, otherwise why have you listed this lovely chair made from scrap wood for almost $1000???
Write your post, then come back and link up next Thursday. If the option to post a link has disappeared, then do by all means leave a link in the comments. Don't forget when writing your post to include the badge or a link back to the Life Circle page on the blog so that your readers can find the other posts - and possibly join in too.
We have to make a little history here. This 1932 independent horror film is considered to be the first, full length zombie film ever released. Zombies have made a big come back in recent years, but for my money, they often rely too much on gore. Unlike the classics here in which tone suspense make up for a lack of make up know how.
after seeing my niece run merrily around the apartment in the nude, i realized i have way too much in common with this little munchkin–starting with the amount of hair we have on our vagina.
Regarding the witnesses to whom payments were offered or made, Mr Sheridan pointed out that the Editors’ Code of Conduct forbids payments to witnesses in “active legal proceedings”. Mr Bird responded that he did not regard the case as “active” when the payments were made; adding that he knew there was an investigation but not an active case.
“Tracing the Roots of a 20th Century Recovery Phenomenon to the Royal Tombs of Egypt” Hidden in plain sight are two parallel texts of personal alchemical transformation. Both can be attributed with shaping the human experience of the Divine within a specific time and both offer a map for a journey of self discovery. Both are structured as 12 sequential progressions to wholeness. One comes from the ancient origins of the Western Esoteric Tradition (The ancient Egyptian mystical text called “The Treatise on What is in the Hidden Chamber” or “The Am Dwat” (c. 1550-1400 BCE), the other from modern American Spiritual Psychology, Bill Wilson’s 12 Steps of Alcoholics Anonymous (1939). One seems to have offered its powerful secret knowledge only to the highest ranks of ancient Egyptian culture, while the other text is freely available to what is often referred to as the “dregs of humanity,” namely struggling addicts protected only by the thin veil of anonymity. The core messages of both these 12 faceted journeys will be exc
... I was really discouraged with my cake endeavor . I took a break for a few reasons. trying to figure out the best way to photograph the food . and I've been experimenting with some recipes, that I will start to post as soon as I get back from vacation ..
Fat burning has become a popular catch phrase in marketing classes at the gym and exercise videos. Most people who are seduced by the idea of burning fat just want to lose weight or tone their bodies. When it comes to weight loss it really doesn’t matter if your body is burning fat or carbs: what matters is that you are burning more calories than you consume. About.com exercise guide Paige Waehner recommends that you exercise consistently and vary your workout routine if your goal is to burn fat. Yoga can be an effective part of both these strategies.
Raymond Williams took his journey on a bus, Storey occasionally arrives in a Rolls Royce, grandly stepping out to declare it a charabanc: ‘Ceci n’est pas une Roller!’ He describes the increasing visibility of opera in advertising, on film soundtracks, tracing this back to the invention of opera as art, in nineteenth-century Manchester. He collapses the continuing distinctions between art and entertainment, rightly seeing the danger in elitist discourses. Storey then describes how ‘the sixties’ are articulated in an imaginary form, in and through the 1990s. Key to this is understanding how some seriously edgy narratives get channelled into consumerism for profit. This could be what Marcuse called, in that notorious mouthful, ‘repressive desublimation’, only Storey allows for agency at the same time as he accounts for the entertainment market’s unstoppable assimilation, on permanent cruise control. ‘Agency’ here is a kind of lower-case ‘resistance’, the often-overlooked caveat to Foucault’s work.
This is all I can think of to say about this fucked up individual:
I feel so happy and content knowing she is home
8. Forgiveness and Salvation in Isaiah 53
Getting into biking can be daunting. If you don’t currently own a good bike, Craigslist is your friend! Try to find a used road bike that has been fixed up recently! I bought a bike from 2005 that had about 360 miles on it (Crazy! Thats basically brand new!) which retailed for over $2000 and I picked it up for $600 including about $200 worth of gear. I can honestly say, it’s one of the best deals I’ve ever gotten! You want to do your research before you go out and buy a bike though. There is a wealth of knowledge on the internet and honestly, I’ve learned pretty much everything I know from the internet. One of the best places to learn some basics about bike commuting (which can be applied to biking for errands and such) is 900mpg. The author also makes a fairly convincing case for ditching your car completely!
Why diapers?
This first card was cased from the Unity website, I made 35 of them for a twin baby shower. Cutting those little banners got old pretty quick! *wink*
Shaft - The Chosen Few (Isaac Hayes W’71)
Okay, y’all, this is essentially an irrelevant fluff post, because I lost an hour of sleep this weekend and it took extreme heroism for me not to just go straight back to bed after John and Lorelei left this morning.
Peter Schiff: I’d say it’s under-owned, it’s under-invested, people are so skeptical of it; everybody is expecting the price of gold to fall. Gold stocks are at record lows relative to the price of gold. There is basically no speculation going on, it’s all skepticism. Everybody is just waiting for the price to drop, everybody thinks it’s a bubble, and yet no one is really buying it.
I'm looking forward to the opportunity to share some true bargain hunting experiences. I am also determined to re-finish a piece of furniture....something that is definitely out of my comfort zone, but I figure with enough research I might be able to pull it off. For now, I am super pleased with where we are at....and at the same time I am also working on my patience and enjoying the time we have left in our little bachelor(ette).
And for something random, here is some random Japanese humour:
"Keep that head of yours to Greenie, you know what I'm saying pet?"
Let this idea in and feel the terror of the awful realization of alien immediacy-- its presence beyond real or illusion; its presence in all aspects of our lives--our past, present, future. Letting this in brings a boon, enlightenment, the understanding that everything is connected to everything else on every level--so you can visit the other side of your hand on Mars in 1937 and find your watch inside a Chinese box found on the bottom of the ocean unopened since the Ming Dynasty, and find your grandfather alive in the microscopic villages along the ear hair your grandson. And the sun is just a reflection of your iris. And without looking out of your door you can know all things on earth and even if you never look farther than your own backyard maybe one day you'll notice that the very farthest reaches of outer space are right at your fingertips and the vacation you will take this summer is being remembered right now in the bathroom you just walked out of three months ago. And the cares of tomorrow / must wait / til this day is done.
Huggable mug for tea or coffee depending on the hour
This opens tabs in Firefox and Chrome, and new windows in Safari and IE.
I actually had to think about whether to send this or not.....it's pretty
Christopher Crawford, a member of the local Guelph election campaign, also talked about conversations he overheard between Mr. Sona and another staffer, Ken Morgan. Mr. Morgan was the campaign manager for Guelph Conservative candidate Marty Burke.
And not everyone talks about asparagus pee or knows what I am talking about. I remember how my family would eat asparagus and then we would talk about how our pee would smell. I would go around talking about my asparagus pee and think it was so hilarious. Then I come to find out that not everyone smells their asparagus pee. Jeff informs me that he didn’t know what the hell I was talking about and that his pee never smells after eating asparagus. Damn. But really his pee does smell, he just doesn’t have the ability to sniff it out. Side note, I gave my dog asparagus and when I let him out, I could totally smell asparagus pee. Hilarious.
Good.
That's it. It's actually extremely simple, but looks great...and is one of a kind!! And they're great for gifts...especially for baby showers. (just sayin')
"There are generally no legal requirements in European countries to mark a product with a patent number, though the US requires patent marking in certain circumstances, and both European countries and the US impose penalties for improperly indicating that unpatented products are so-protected. The America Invents Act 2011 (“AIA”) makes several changes to US marking requirements as well as the conditions under which penalties for “false marking” arise.
I get the impression that Fox learned everything he knows about ID by reading Darwinists.
I usually make a thin spaghetti to go along with the chicken, but the boyfriend is pasta-challenged. He can’t twirl, and no matter how many tutorials I give him, watching him eat long pasta is painful. My Sicilian grandfather would not be impressed. Because I wanted to enjoy my meal without cringing, I chose to make a whole wheat penne. I’m a big fan of whole wheat pastas; they taste the same to me, and I enjoy the extra health benefit.
He played with for bits of stone!
Split w/The Spirit Animals 7" Crafty Records
What did his attacks do ?
Our residents are women and children who are victims of domestic violence and need temporary safe shelter or who become homeless due to other extreme hardships and circumstances. Most of them come from the north and northwest suburbs of Chicago’s Cook and Lake Counties, the city of Chicago and surrounding areas.
Award-winning investigative journalist Charles Fishman delivers a persuasive, fascinating, and urgent primer on the history and future of water. He takes you from a factory in Vermont with water so clean it is considered poisonous, to villages in India that have 24-hour-a-day cell phone service but no water service at all. Fishman has spent the last three years circling the globe — from Las Vegas to New Delhi — to uncover how the world of water is changing, and what the enormous implications are for each of us, no matter where we live.
Skill Level: Beginner
I find it awesome that people actually like my blog! I think a lot of bloggers really wonder if anyone will find what they say to be interesting (otherwise why would we blog right?) Well not exactly! I blog because it helps me along my weight loss journey and I hope that in helping me maybe I can help others not feel as lonely as I have in the past! So here I go! So the rules of the award are to give 26 facts about myself (in alphabetical order) and to give the award to other blogs (cuz paying it forward is where it’s at).
Shut the place down.
Maybe it’s twitter’s fault, when I free myself from the 140 character limit, I just get verbose. I like to think I’m living Bruce Lee’s philosophy of being like water, I shape myself to the available writing space.
If I had a magic wand, I would rent an office space outside the home, where I could be part of a community of people. It can feel really isolating—especially in the winter—to be working at home alone all day. I would love to be surrounded by other creative people during the day, to inspire each other's creativity or discuss last night's 30 Rock episode or order lunch together. (Unfortunately, it's tough to find an affordable place like this in Manhattan, although I'm still looking!)
By dint of inching that large rug under the bed, in a display of hilariously exhausting and inefficient and incompetent making do (I think the Chief was on a deadline and unavailable for what was clearly a 3-man job), we got it deployed. And -- voila! It's perfect!
This is the day of the traditional coffee ceremony at the Gladney care center. It's when her caregivers tell her bye and give her a gift. We knew the other Gladney family in town had Embassy, so the ceremony wouldn't be until around 10. Since we were up early, we got ready for the day anyway. Around 9:00, our driver Yoftahaye, pulled up to the guest house. He came in and said "Hurry! You have birth mother meeting! They're waiting on us!"
Why did I enslave the world, you ask? Were the Republican candidates too mean to me? Fiddlesticks! The problem was the average Republican voter. You folks at those debates hollering at poor Wolf Blitzer that he should let that uninsured guy die. Or shouting down Juan Williams, when he asked about race-baiting in South Carolina. And you just about lost your minds, whenever crazy old Ron Paul said something about maybe not invading a new country every year. You were out there talking about automatic weapons and bombing Iran and those darn gay folks, and how it should have been Sarah Palin running in 2012... and somebody, some actual, intelligent human being had to try to get your vote. I did my best.
I love the narrative arc of this story: one can work at a normal job (Kooser worked in an insurance firm) and go on to be poet laureate of the U.S. I hang on tightly to those narratives when I must go to meetings that go from boring to combative to everyone being frustrated by our restrictions--all in the course of 2 hours.
As one of the most precious parts of a wedding, flower girl will make every guest at the ceremony smile a big smile. So it is also important to choose very pretty flower girl attire to make her look really adorable and elegant.
a tree or a rock -
Is there are more gruesome description in the whole of gastronomy than non-specific “meat”? Even ignoring the horrors disguised by that blandishment, the meat and potato pie sandwich was a monstrosity. You bought a microwaved Holland’s pie, sprinkled Beef Monster Munch on top of it, drizzled it with brown sauce, and stuck the whole thing into an oven-bottom muffin. It was about 5 inches thick, and at least 3 inches of that was fat.
*** PLEASE send love to at least the first two posts before you ***
Currently hosting the annual Springfield Art Guild Fall Show & Sale with horticultural and historically themed art. Two of my smaller acrylic paintings have made it into this juried show. The juror was Jean Gill who teaches through Fairfax County Adult Education.
If I am honest, the answer to that question for me is a resounding yes. There is a certain amount of shame that is associated with my answer to that question, but the truth is that there have been times, as recent as a few years ago that I felt that God had abandoned me. I am a person that believes in God and has never doubted the existence of a Higher Power. I am a Christian. But there have been circumstances in my life were I have felt so alone and abandoned by everyone…even by God.
Saturday evening at church we were to raise our hands if we were ministers. I put my hand down. You see my ministry isn’t the kind of thing you want to form a small group around. It’s not a nice one by Mainstream Society’s standards and even some Christians don’t want to think about it. My ministry is to teach that abstinence and adoption are choices. One crime committed against a female could be a couple’s blessing. There are false positives for disabilities and God never gives you more then you can handle. A woman’s body knows what to do and should have the freedom to do it.
As you can see, Bristol appears to be taller than her father and she is positively towering over her mother. That is odd because other photos of the trio do not show this to be the case.
And I think you are reading Sir Alyque Padamsee Sir’s latest article? (I am always admiring his advertisings.) He has told that, speaking from physics perspective, white people are reflecting light, so you can see them easily, but with dark people you always need light to see them. One joke here, we are actually calling dark people ‘IaS’, means ‘Invisible after Sunset’. I think Padamsee sir was not knowing this old joke, otherwise he could have used it in his advertisement. See, that’s why there is that famous painting in Mysore palace called ‘Lady with the Lamp’. She is a black beauty, the lady, and she is needing to be carrying oil lamp. On other hand, see my cousins Sarala and Tarala. They are both having big nose, and one-type of smiles. But because they are fair like tubelights, they are famous beauties of our family.
For the day the SPX/DOW were +0.55%, and the NDX/NAZ were +0.10%. Bonds lost 11 ticks, Crude rallied $1.25, Gold slipped $6.00, and the USD was higher. Support for the SPX remains at the 1386 and 1372 pivots, with resistance at the 1440 and 1499 pivots. Short term momentum hit quite overbought today, set up a negative divergence, then declined. Tomorrow, the ADP index at 8:15, then Factory orders at 10:00. Also there is a speech from FED governor Tarullo at 8:00.
—William Blum
Final total = $4.32 + tax
The Senior Cat had to visit the bank this morning. I sent him off with a note to give the girls in the greengrocer's. One of the boys in there showed the Senior Cat where to find things. The girls checked and added the carrots!
I've come to accept I may never again be a size six, but that being healthier and happier are still good and achievable goals.
All I know is that it’s been one of those days. You know, the ones where you drop every third bundle of papers during delivery, where it’s 100% humidity out and your hair looks like you’ve rubbed a balloon all over it, and you’re so bloated that you feel like wearing oversized t-shirts and lying around all day. Yeah, one of those days. I’m not being a negative Nancy here or anything (that’s never the answer to anything!) but I’m just putting it out there and accepting it.
Unfortunately for two contestants last night, the show proved to be more of a challenge than originally thought. Last night we said goodbye to Jaclyn Murray, 26 from Winnipeg, Manitoba. Murray suffered a severe anxiety attack and after being rushed to receive medical attention, Murray decided to pull out of the show.
Sometimes popcorn for dinner is enough.
We caused quite a stir in the village but everyone was friendly towards us. We took a jaunt down to the village well. It was a good fifteen minutes walk from the main part of the village. I met two of the fifth class girls from the school, who were carrying over ten litres of water between them. Myself and Laura took a container each off them and they really were very heavy, especially for ten year old girls, half our size.
I think this is all that has happened lately..... I cut my hair AGAIN! I think this isn't very gyaruish but well, I'll always have my wigs. 8)
Human experience adds more and more experience to your world that will confirm that life is full of tragedy. Finding a safe place -- from any source -- is an important step for anyone who will be resilient in this world.
My birthday was spent in bed, donned in my best pyjamas, deaf in one ear, unable to talk in anything more than a husky whisper, unable to eat anything that wasn’t the consistency of baby vomit and unable to walk without looking like a tightrope walker who has never really gotten the hang of his art, or particularly enjoyed it. Not much fun. In fact, I would have even welcomed one of those surprise parties, with every loathed person I could think of in attendance, rather than be in that bed. But, I did get some amazing presents.
will rise up against them."
Anyway, whoever you are I think sometimes despite planning and careful thought you just can't plan ahead for everything. Lots of people like to menu plan. It saves money and it makes life nice and easy. I have come to learn though that in my life plans come unstuck more often than not and we can easily be left trying to work out what dinner should be at the last minute as a result.
Photograph of Mike Jung taken by Michelle Krell Kydd. Other photos in this post are licensed via Creative Commons. The picture of a sauerkraut barrel was taken by Aaron Tyo-Dickerson.
Crack open your tin of croissants. Unroll and separate into triangles. Spread each triangle with 1/6 of the cinnamon butter. Roll up each, starting at the widest edge, as per normal. Seal edges or not, as you wish. (I don't mind if a bit oozes out as it makes them even scrummier!) Place each one onto the prepared baking sheet, leaving plenty of room between each for spreading.
Eight Men Out (John Sayles)
d) For those with no Twitter or blog, read the official rules to learn about an alternate form of entry.
To my mind, there's nothing wrong with choosing to feed your child formula even if you can breastfeed, either. Scientific advancements to make our lives easier, in action! Once upon a time, the only way a busy woman with a life of her own outside raising babies could continue to be busy after giving birth was to find a wet-nurse. Nowadays researchers and companies have laboured for years to bring us balanced nutrition for infants. Brilliant! OK, so it's not the ideal but for some parents the advantages make it the best way for them to make sure their children are properly fed. Again though, the option comes with a burden of misplaced guilt, thanks to the ever-vocal 'breast is best' lobby.
Drummond has lived a full life and has seen violent and challenging things. He is embittered and yet still searching for meaning. Spinoza was the supreme rationalist. He wore a signet ring with the inscription “cautiously,” and proposed treating theological questions in the same way a mathematician, for example, might treat a triangle. In Spinoza’s view, which Drummond is coming to adopt, the old-world god has ceased to exist, to be replaced by a more abstract, less personal but more powerful sense of the
we get to the hospital they let me know that i was dialated, and having contractions, and that there was a possibility of me losing him that night, and although they told me that it was a possibility it was something I didnt want to believe. and didnt think would really happen.
This morning, I glimpsed pregnant knuckles of hydrangea twigs, though the cherry trees remain dead in the cold sun. I know their blossoms, as well the white plums and magnolias, will huddle over skies in a night. But for now, deep in the quietness of snow
You’re a precious earth angel. You must be Heaven-sent.
So over drinks and steaks at Fallen Angel we asked them. Here’s what we found out:
Alastair Campbell, on the other hand, was apparently not available to speak to journalists last Friday about his own links to Astana. They failed to reach him by text, phone or email.
Given old Mr. Shakespere a run for his money
There are only a couple of places left for the Postcards from Bangalow Writing & Gourmet Experience. Held over the Queen's Birthday long weekend in June in the beautiful village of Bangalow, this unique writing event will awaken your creativity and indulge your senses.
The Pirates emerged from their nine game west coast trip with a 5-7 record; good for third place in the Central and a game better than I feared they would be after all the tough pitchers they’ve faced so far this year. This weekend, the first place (and Albert Pujols-less) Cardinals bring their 9-4 record to Pittsburgh for a three game set.
It doesn’t have to be complicated. It doesn’t have to be a big party or even a big meal. Don’t get bogged down with the details. The important thing is to just start. Scriptures call us to talk about our faith while we sit at home. If we are never sitting, we have to keep in mind that the Scriptures don’t change, so we must. May God bless you as you take a step of faith to cut out and set aside time to bring Christ to your family table.
Lose yourself through dancing. Go wild. Why not? It burns calories. It’s fun. You’re letting loose. Could you imagine if dancing was sociably acceptable, not just in clubs and bars, but all public places?
let me go to the track when there's 100,000 less people
The Braai has been adopted as the National Pastime on Heritage Day. In fact, most people have renamed it ‘National Braai Day‘. And everyone has their must have recipe for the braai. This is mine:
Pops and I both must have been exhausted from the events of the day before, because we both slept late into the morning, or at least late for a school day. When I finally woke up, I looked over to the clock and it was already almost 10:00AM. I jumped up, rushed to put on clothes, and went racing down the stairs to the kitchen. Pops was sitting at the table drinking his morning coffee, ‘Morning, are you ready to go see your brother?’ he asked. ‘Yes sir, have you talked to the nurses, how’s he doing?’ I asked. ‘No I haven’t, I thought we would go down there, ask and see for ourselves,’ he answered. Pops poured out the last of his coffee into the sink and we left, Toby sitting at the door as we closed it.
Again, the author could simply be using the family as a literary device, or he could have been inspired to use the messianic secret theme because of the real-life conflict Jesus experienced with his own family. It’s also possible, perhaps likely, that Jesus’ family – his siblings, for sure – resented his popularity, and that this jealousy would have begun very early, as they learned their brother was miraculously conceived.
6’55 Down
I had so much fun making my card this time, cause i really love to use more than one image on my cards, but hardly ever do so. Dont know why. Maybe its becouse it for sure takes a bit longer to finisch it of since you have more images to color. (Well, mostly, but not this time, youll see what i meen), and im still kinda struggeling with my coloring from time to time, if not al of the time.
Attendees can go to anywhere from 3 to 5 workshops (the pre- and post-conference workshops cost extra, 3 are included in the cost of attending) and they are categorized into family/caregiver, faith-based, and professional. A pre-conference and regular workshop are held on Friday afternoon/evening and two workshops plus the post-conference workshop are held on a Saturday.
“He may not be right, but he’s the boss,” the voice said. “You take him out, Carl. The boss didn’t tell me to do him.”
Tully Sullivan is just like any other suburban mom-except she's just woken up in a strange place surrounded by strange people who keep insisting that they're dragons-and that she's one too.
We, the Prison Books Collective of Chapel Hill, write to you in a time of crisis.
Thankfully he got another job. However we had Christmas (which we hadn't done any shopping for), 2 months without any income (which we hadn't planned on) and daughter with cancer and 2 + years of treatment ahead of us. Stressed much?!
The last sentence of that quote is referring to the fact that he repeatedly said in Galileo Was Wrong that Fr. Olivieri was the Commissary General of the Congregation of the Index. But in fact, he held that office in the Congregation of the Holy Office (Inquisition). Bob erred, but he challenged me to provide more evidence. Here it is.
Art began to beckon to Freddie. After studying at Isleworth Polytechnic, Freddie went on to get his Diploma in Art and Graphic Design at Ealing Art College.
Small saucepan with lid
In closing, the beauty and difficulty of Punch-Drunk Love is that it never really resolved the contradictions of its critical, aesthetic and commercial status as an “art-house Adam Sandler movie”—a perfect description, but one that suggests there was ultimately no easily built-in audience for the film. Instead, the film reveals itself slowly—through layers of irreducible tensions between beauty and violence; bodies in motion and still-framed landscapes; love and anger; harmonious music and unsettling sounds; Jeremy Blake’s stunning artwork and Barry’s barren world; richly intoxicating soundscapes and long moments of awkward silence; and periods of remarkable old Hollywood grandeur disrupted by discordant instances of experimental disruption. Punch-Drunk Love avoids the alternately amusing and horrifying shock value of Boogie Nights, as well as the grand, sweeping emotions of Magnolia. But what it does provide lasts longer, I think—all the more so because this richness is irreducible to such simplistic thematic observati
I love in Calgary , Ab and when Falls starts here it's kind of depressing. Depressing because I know that for a few weeks the trees will look radiant, then they'll lose their leaves and the cold and snow will start. I'm a Northern California girl, born and raised. Five to six months of winter is not something I'll EVER get used to. Yes I've lived here for eleven and a half years, but I still miss having a real Fall. A Fall that lasts for a couple months, not a couple weeks. This time of year always has me missing home.
And then there's Dirk Gently ... which seems to have done exactly the opposite to Being Human. While Being Human has got too fantastic, Dirk Gently isn't fantastic enough. This is a show that demands big world-changing themes ... but it falls flat. Stephen Mangan is perfect in the role; he is Dirk. He's exactly how I always imagined the character to be and the always excellent Darren Boyd is great as sidekick Richard MacDuff. Yes, I know MacDuff's character is fundamentally different from the book but changes always have to be made when converting a book to a film or TV. They are different media and what works in one doesn't necessarily work in another. However, that isn't my beef.
The weirdest thing I’ve done for my work/art/partner (pick one) is… semen catching…. Yeah now before you get all get excited… Bull semen has to be collected in jars and tested to make sure he’s fertile. It’s not my favourite job.I can still hear you laughing…
I hesitated, wary. Will it make me angry?
as a member of the Design Team @ Bird is the Word.
Sewing kit-basic sewing skills
The sinking of the Titanic is a difficult topic. How did you adjust what you learned in your research to the audience you were writing for?
She is maintaining a happy home for her husband and her children.
For instance, I love the question on page 30, "What are some of the things you have learned from your children?"
I don’t have an answer. I tweeted early on watching Belle de Jour that if someone could explain the fascination 60s French films have with these sorts of strange portrayals and glamorization of prostitution that I would buy them a drink (or cookie if booze isn’t your thing). The offer still stands. In the meantime, I will continue to hope that answers make themselves apparent over time.
And we face time'd earlier and he told me what great of a time he was having.
a ring of fire
If you're interested in ordering any of Robyn's new sets, or any of her old ones for that matter, click HERE for her retailers!! Also, this Saturday, May 5, is National Scrapbook Day!!! Be sure to stop by Robyn's blog to see what fun she and the Pink Designers have in store for you!! Thanks for coming by today!!
Written in 1989 by legendary U.K. singer/songwriter Harper (close friend of
And so there’s the lineup for Kiyosumi. Overall Hisa did a really good job matching the strengths of her team and placing them where they best fit for a victory. Of course, any weakness in Hisa or Saki dooms the team tremendously. Hisa has to perform well in the middle round in order for Kiyosumi to stay competative after any points lost by Yuuki or Mako. Of course Saki has to finish well or else the team will instantly lose. After seeing how well this unit performed in the Nagano prefecture tournament, it’ll certainly be interesting to see how they finish in Nationals. The other teams in the Nagano prefecture didn’t give enough information for all 5 to give an opinion on their placements, so I can only comment on Achiga when they reveal their lineup. I’m looking forward to that analysis as well.
Series: Cherub #2
Don't forget Annie Leibovitz is here, wearing her trademark basic black, armed with her personal digital camera, taking candid shots for the December issue of Vogue, so make sure you and your guest find her and pose extra dramatically. After hearing the history of the manor ghosts, she is concentrating on the front stairway, hoping to get a rare shot of our whispy lady in white. It's highly improbable, though, since she only makes her ghostly appearances between 3:00 and 4:30 a. m.
“You will not have that for which you ask, nor can you have anything you want. This is because your very request is a statement of lack, and your saying you want a thing only works to produce that precise experience—wanting—in your reality. The correct prayer is therefore never a prayer of supplication, but a prayer of gratitude. When you thank Go in advance for that which you choose to experience in your reality, you, in effect, acknowledge that it is there…in effect. Thankfulness is thus the most powerful statement to God; an affirmation that even before you ask, I have answered. Therefore never supplicate. Appreciate.” CWG Book 1
Something needs to be done, it is said. But it’s been said many times before and all the indications are that the crisis is just getting worse.
'Expert Privilege' in Civil Evidence has been written by regular JIPLP contributor Paul England. It is published by Hart Publishing and its details can be inspected on its web page here. This title really does call for a litigation lawyer as first choice, though privilege affects non-contentious practice too.
Now, the truth is, we don’t know. But what’s fascinating is how we naturally think of wolves. What kinds of teaching do we think will tear a church apart?
I've never been the sort to use January as a means of detox.
Trench dress, Forever 21 (overdyed by me). Plaid jumper, Worthington (vintage swap). Gray tights, Merona. Red belt, Xhilaration. Gray slouchy boots, Worthington. Gold droplet earrings, thrifted. Red patent headband.
“Made In Britain” (a book by Evan Davis to accompany his BBC 2 series to be shown in June 2011) supports the findings of this ipeg study. Evan Davis explains that traditional manufacturing was dispersed geographically mainly due to natural resources – i.e. the concentration of steel works in Wales due to the availability of pig iron and coal – but now with the rise of the knowledge industries, and the greater need for face-to-face contact, people cluster in particular regions which has lead to the regional imbalances we see today.
92. Laquearia. V. Aeneid, I. 726:
$.27... one nickle, one dime, and a bunch of pennies
To the many readers who stop by this space to read, use the recipes and leave your thoughts, I am deeply grateful. I started this blog three and a half years ago so I could participate in Tuesdays with Dorie. If you had told me a couple of months ago that I would no longer be blogging, I would have teared up and felt a sense of loss. But the reality is that it was time.
During the course of the hearing before the Customs Commissioner, the Delhi High Court pronounced its order in the Samsung case prohibiting parallel imports under the Trade Marks Act, 1999. Apart from the Samsung order, the ‘rights holder’, Dell, also brought to the attention of the Court several other judgements from Indian and foreign courts on the subject of parallel imports being barred under Indian law. The Defendants for their part discussed several case law supporting their defence that Section 30(3) of the Trade Marks Act, 1999 allowed for parallel imports.
However, I am on a tight deadline for this DQS11 and so I heeded to some great advice from Dolores at Deeroo Designs. Dolores is always keen on a glue stick (as anyone who followed her Tickertape QAL can vouch for) and her suggestion was that you glue the fabric to the paper template. I wasn't so sure at first, but these tiny little pieces were taking so long...
This first race was the Angel Babies Race on 5/7/11.
I have absolutely no excuse for not blogging since Wednesday except for the fact that I have been 100% LAZY. That's it--no crises, no late nights (well, one), no working from home after hours--I've just been indulging in trash mysteries and my favorite magazines and early bedtimes instead of challenging myself to write something funny and/or irreverent and/or meaningful every day.
If any Strictly followers have more questions for Derek, now’s your chance!
I think when we adopt dogs it's just human nature to imagine what their life was before they were with us. Especially if they were found as strays.
The government is seeking to rent a private jet for the use of Foreign Secretary David Miliband. A tender for the hire of a charter aircraft was issued in February and will last two years, it is understood.
I also picked up a complete collection of Edgar Allen Poe’s works for $20, which was nicely bound and irresistable for the price. My last purchase of the weekend, though, has been far more entertaining so far– a t-shirt from Red Tie Products’ “Grammar Matters” (http://www.redtieproducts.com/). If you like language games or words, you should check them out. They are nerdy in all the right ways. (I’ll try to post a pic of this soon too).
For the past years, I’ve stumbled upon different reading materials. Some are written just recently. Some however, are dated back years ago. I don’t wish to have been able to be a follower of that reading back when it all started, when it was still in its active high state. All I could do now is just read it, and allow it to enhance the neurons in my brain and positively brush some thoughts in it.
It stayed that way until the bottom of the TWELFTH when Pete Levin and Albert Cartwright starting the inning with singles. Brandon Trip was patient and earned a walk to load the bases. Then “Big” Jim Murphy stepped to the dish and whacked one that Ross and I thought was going to go over the wall. It fell short of being a grand slam by only a few inches, but it did score the winning run.
20-something: It’s 1 a.m. on a Tuesday, we’re still up! We’ll sleep when we’re dead!
I'm here a pillar o' Thy temple,
And yet another weekend of exploring and getting to know this wonderful city. I am so in love with New York… I feel so cliché and like a broken record, but it is just so awesome here. The vibe is great and I can almost walk everywhere in Manhattan without a map (almost…;)).
as they were, lolled under shade trees
And lastly, hope the artists nominated will do the above and keep the award going by accepting and awarding ''The Liebster Blog Award'' to 5 special bloggers that they too would like to honor.
2) you may rest your arms by heaving your giant heap of clothes onto a section of rack you are not looking at.
Where's your cell phone: N/A
Journal Entry
Interestingly, this comic resurrection is happening despite two of the major comedians of the last decade at their low. While Vadivelu has almost become persona non grata in Kollywood after his political fiasco, Vivekh is far from the funnyman he was in the beginning of the millennium. And, Ganja Karuppu, who was once touted to take the place of Vadivelu, has become a hit-and-miss affair. Santhanam has been the sole flag bearer and not surprisingly, he is the most in demand. Now, post their good shows in Marina and Nanban, Sivakarthikeyan and Sathyan have raised expectations.
Things needed to make this are....any boxes,masking tape,p.v.a glue, papers,newspaper,fabric trims,stickers......anything you can get your hands on and a little chick/bird
85mph .....................This World Is Not My Home
Some 303,959 primary care physicians are members of either an independent practice association or a physician hospital organization, according to our research for the National Directory of Physician Organizations Database.
I have two little yam seedlings planted on the ground. One of it was dug out and guess what they did again? The flies had another party!
The book chronicles the plight, hopefulness and jubilation of the Auburn family from 2008 to 2010 in light of several genres of Psalms. From the 2008 and 2009 decline and rebuilding of our program and coinciding rise of our most hated rival to the journey to the mountaintop of the BCS National Championship in 2010, Nomel relates the feelings of Auburn fans in these seasons to emotions played out in the Psalms. Ask any Auburn fan about the ’08 and ’09 seasons and some form of “How long, oh Lord?” will most likely be heard. From the spectacular implosion and slow, exciting rebuilding we witnessed with our own program to the meteoric rise of the Alabama program, most Auburn fans, while still retaining the pride always felt by members of the Auburn family, felt the cruel tinge of despair and agony as those seasons unfolded. We could truly relate to the Psalmists as our enemies gloated and we suffered.
Lori Hines, who was at the library just a few weeks ago, returned to talk about her two mysteries, The Ancient Ones and Caves of the Watchers. The books are set in Arizona and the Four Corners. Lori is from Goodyear.
My wardrobe seems to be suffering lately, and I was having a mini fashion crisis, so James suggested a trip to Brighton was in order. Why the crisis? Well, Hastings has some very cool parts, but there is a distinct lack of decent clothes shops. Debenhams and River Island seem to be the peak of fashion here. And whilst these places do have some decent stuff, I've found my wardrobe slowly deteriorating into pre-Felix jeans that really don't fit properly and supermarket bought tops!. Add to this a baby who seems to think that changing rooms are the worst punishment ever and you might see where I'm coming from
Chandra Levy, murdered by an illegal alien from El Salvador in 2001, was Jewish. Adrienne Levine, aka Adrienne Shelly, the actress who was murdered by an illegal alien from Ecuador in 2006, was Jewish. David Rosenbaum, a veteran journalist who was beaten with a metal pipe by black robbers in 2006 and died from his injuries due to the incompetence of Washington’s minority-stuffed public services, was Jewish. Alan Senitt, who had his throat slashed and his companion sexually assaulted by black recidivist criminals in 2006, was Jewish. Jewish liberal activist too.
waiting for an alarm that won't sound
The cognitive functions serve as one such mechanism through which the community, operating in many ways like an organism, adapts. Here the individual variation preserved at the biological level provides the basis for social variation that defines the community’s structure. Internally, this results in the stabilization of a typological distribution akin to the stabilization of an arrangement of cells and organs within a complex organism. These processes, in turn, produce much of the material that the community puts to use in adapting to its environment.
The bathrooms are all original and it could do with a new coat of paint inside but we're just going to take up the carpet and polish the floors. Put in pool safety in and I want to put some nice big modern pendant lights into the kitchen and dining.
All this took place in the Federal’s large, high ceilinged second floor – a space alternately recalling a Greenwich Village jazz club of the ’60s and a timeless French cellar bistro. Although the brick walls and exposed beams tended to muddy low tones somewhat, it was a problem that sound reinforcement can resolve. Otherwise, the room is an amiable audio location.
1403 comments
Luckily for me, my journey was not over. It took two other mentors to help me find a deeper and more honest view of the truths of those years. The first one was a Sociology professor named Lonn Lanza-Kaduce. He issued a challenge at the beginning of his Sociology of Law course. He said that anyone can read a theory and tear it apart and find all of its weak points; deconstruction is easy. What is hard, he said, and more rewarding, is to give each author their strongest possible reading. What problems or issues is the author most concerned with? What truth or truths are they trying to deal with? As a reader, can you give the author the benefit of the doubt and confront him on his strongest ground, instead of searching for his weaknesses. It was a serious challenge and it had a profound impact on the tenor of the class, every week we had serious discussions about the merits and strengths of different theories and we looked at how different theories actually addressed different domains of problems, and how much of the criticism that was
I first started out with the “fence” because I really couldn’t believe I would actually need a wall around my heart… thoughts of…..they didn’t mean it… must have been something I did to provoke that…
I need to find support, physically.
by Peter Straub
WORKSHOP FOR BEGINNERS BASED ON BIODYNAMIC BEEKEEPING PRACTICES AT OUR APIARY, ON SATURDAY, MAY 26TH AND SUNDAY, MAY 27TH. IN THE TWO FULL DAYS YOU CAN LEARN ABOUT THE LIFE OF THE HONEYBEE, INSPECT A HIVE, LEARN TO ASSEMBLE A HIVE, DISCOVER PRACTICES WHICH ENHANCE THE HEALTH OF YOUR HIVE WITHOUT THE USE OF CHEMICALS,VISIT THE HONEY HOUSE AND EXTRACT HONEY AND ACQUIRE SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE WHICH WILL BE HELPFUL TO YOU, AS YOU BECOME A KEEPER OF BEES.
So please send your finger-crosses/ 4 leaf clovers/ wishbones this way!! P.S. If anyone wants to make this their birthday wish when they blow out their candles, let me know and you totally get a pool party at Casa Schaffer (that's my last name, by the way, did you know that?) next year! I pray to sweet little baby Jesus that this will all go through.
A long time ago, I listened to Episode #100 of the Diet Soap podcast and it sparked a lot of thoughts and conversations, mostly with myself, about the nature of charity and justice and how to get from one to the other. More recently at Hope Fellowship we’ve been reaffirming our membership and commitment to the values of our little ekklesia . The last couple weeks has been teaching and discussing the value of tithing and sharing. While we can always do better, I really appreciate that we attempt to tackle one of the most touchy subjects with a little more depth, transparency and thought…how we deal with our finances. So, I thought I’d tackle some thoughts from the podcast and current conversation on the difference between charity and justice and why we should all be Mother Theresa.
Creating a mix of textures and color will definitely make your small space bigger. Of course there should be some design style and balance here - use colors or patterns in a complementing palette. For example consider using all warm tones - reds, oranges, yellows or patterns - stripes, dots, zig zags. You need to add in some neutral balance as well - like Anna's wood console table or the white coffee table. Again, balance in a small space means all the difference in opening up the room.
SB 10.88.10: A person who has thus become sober fully realizes the Absolute as the highest truth, the most subtle and perfect manifestation of spirit, the transcendental existence without end. In this way realizing that the Supreme Truth is the foundation of his own existence, he is freed from the cycle of material life.
The 17th installment in our monthly Poet Trading Card Series features this phenomenal Philadelphia writer at his very best as he commemorates, in verse, one of America's most beloved heroes: Elvis Presley.
The course helped me focus on what I wanted to write, and gave me ideas about how. It challenged me to have a go at all sorts of writing, and it gave me a chance to relax and have fun with writing stories as well.
I hope I don't have to mow it.haaaaaaa
I've also tackled most of the lounge room, and most of the bedrooms. Above are some pics of my bedroom after I'd done some spring cleaning in there. It feels so relaxing, peaceful and calm in there now, which is exactly what I wanted out of a bedroom, especially with having the baby rooming in with us at the moment.
3. I applied to be in a local crafting group called Make:Tulsa. AND I got in. It's a lot of fun and good to meet other little crafting businesses. make sure to check out the blog- everyone posts fun ideas and tutorials and they keep you posted on the fun classes that they have at the indie emporium store, made. downtown at 5th & boston. (which.. some of my dolls and crowns are sold at.)
8:00 – My Teenage Stride, Knight School, Big Troubles, NT, Creeptales @ Death by Audio $7
In June 2005 Dumas’ recently discovered last novel, The Knight of Sainte Hermine, went on sale in France. Within the story Dumas describes the Battle of Trafalgar, in which the death of Lord Nelson is explained. The novel was being published serially, and was nearly complete at the time of his death. A final two-and-a-half chapters were written by modern-day Dumas scholar Claude Schopp, who based his efforts on Dumas’ prewriting notes.
AGOSS Blog (agossblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Once upon a time five bloggers joined forces in order to . . . actually, I have no idea what the point of the superblog is. We call it Fabulous Atypical Ramblings of Nuclear Cheese.
The weak points of Short Cuts stem from the storyline involving a lounge singer (Annie Ross) and her cellist daughter (Lori Singer). That strand is the only one that Altman created from scratch instead of being drawn from Carver and it stands out as somewhat standard and predictable in comparison.
One fun recipe that I found is cream cheese play dough. I would have never thought of it on my own but with the help of this website we have found our activity for Saturday afternoon this weekend. Here are the instructions for Cream Cheese Play Dough:
- Do you think the company will move into a
Then I put a jump ring through the wholes and then attached it onto my ribbon necklace.
3. Will publishers finally update the royalty statement accounting periods? If eBook becomes primary format, there is no need to be 6 months behind (so as to account for returns according to publishers) in the generating of statements and the paying of royalties earned. There is no reason not to do this monthly.
That bill was S-4, a bill on railway and transportation issues which had already been substantially debate in early 2011. And Francois Choquette, Kevin Lamoureux and Elizabeth May each confirmed that their respective parties were entirely willing to co-operate on bills which didn't raise as many red flags as, say, the Cons' omnibus budget-and-environment-gutting legislation.
Perhaps more reflective of fundamental economic conditions, the number of open positions in the construction sector increased somewhat in March. The number of open positions in the sector increased to 96,000, the highest level since September of last year.
I selected and edited all the pieces in the anthology, contributing several pieces of my own as well. Many of the original illustrations done for the book are based on photos I took during my whiskey-related travels.
In this current economic climate (hitherto to be referred to in this blog as 'this CEC'), I'd be the last person in the world to defend fat cat company bosses.
I love how God works, I started writing this post in 1 frame of mind & ending it in another. In a good way! :) One thing that keeps jumping out at me is something Kristi actually said to me. I asked her if she ever gets nervous about her husband traveling so much. And her response was "Not really because the reality is he is safer over there in God's will than he would be here out of God's will." I want to be in God's will. My God does not call me to be fearful...
The new Bullet Bill power-up is one of three new items in Mario Kart DS, all of which accompaniment rather than backbite from the complete armory that abounding of you, no doubt, apperceive and love. So, in amid bottomward assistant banknote for opponents abaft you and battlefront shells at opponents in foreground of you, you adeptness now acquisition yourself ablution an exploding bob-omb, or absolution a boner (one of those aerial squids) that squirts ink assimilate the screens of every amateur in foreground of you. The capability of the boner varies depending on how the ink acreage on the awning of your opponent, and aswell depends to a ample admeasurement on how able-bodied your opponents are able to drive while the DS’s top awning is covered in atramentous ink. Alive afterwards accepting “blooped” is fabricated abundant easier by the attendance of a top-down appearance of the ambit on the lower screen, which is in actuality acceptable abundant that you could play the bold appliance abandoned that if you in actuality capita
¼ tsp. almond extract
A Communist theme is reflected in menu procurement as well. I believe there is only one in the whole building and we had to wait for the restaurant to finish with it first. When it came, I realized why our upstairs comrades may have taken so long with it. Incredibly dim lighting combined with a handwritten (in cursive) menu in fine ballpoint pin on grid paper takes a while to see clearly. From what I could decipher, various vodka based drinks are on offer.
But fatigue took over
Now I need to stay home tomorrow and take Henry to the doctor (daycare requires a doctor’s note to return) and try to juggle work and hope I don’t bleed and oy. I am tired. But relieved to have gotten good news today. Hopefully our luck will continue.
I am almost afraid of him. I don't know what to say or do around the erratic part of him, and it is here, bubbling just beneath the surface of what he does, just like the cruel part of me. We both have war inside of us. Sometimes it keeps us alive. Sometimes it threatens to destroy us. (p. 242)
Tim Holtz Butterfly Border Die
I know, I know. It's been furefer since mama let me blog. But things have not been going well here, and we just couldn't share. We have problems with the green papers. Serious ones. Mama says there is something called Medigap which makes her upset cause it raises the price of three of her meds to unbelievable heights. So, while I have my foodies and my denties, and important things like my litter, a lot of things mama needs are not getting bought. Like her foodie budget is cut waaaayy down. Like by a lot. And she's behind on some bills. And trying to figure out how to pay for her meds. Like ones she can't live without. Like her intsulins. And there definitely is NO hamm pizza. Sigh. And no camera (now, that can't be so bad, huh?)
To be honest, I’m almost afraid to leave my house as I know I’ll immediately be disconnected from the outside (but it’s not is it?) world. I stepped out to go to the shop and my initial reaction was to take out my phone and check twitter, this actually caused a mini-panic when I realised I didn’t have my phone until I remembered my predicament.
Which brings us back to iPads and eyepads.
Using a free standing mixer with whisk attachment or a hand mixer, whisk the egg whites till frothy.
I didn’t understand. I went closer.
Thorn noticed Jason snap a picture of her with his phone as she bent over her client.
Thankfully, the coalition government chose not to entertain his proposal.
As you neared the record, Jack and I would check the sports page every morning to see if you recorded another save. We were both looking forward with great anticipation to the day you would break the record.
They hate it so much, they do not even want to use the word "sex" - that is why they say "gender".
*Disclaimer: PLEASE forgive photo quality. Phone photos again...I know, bad habit*
Then it was time for my first course: the chestnut-fennel veloute. Wikipedia tells me that a veloute is a type of French cream sauce, and I guess that makes sense, becuse this dish was a creamy soup (but it was not heavy; I don’t know how they managed that, but kudos). The chestnut-fennel flavors came through well and made the dish very satisfying. The dark pieces you see at the top are chocolate; the whitish cubes are marshmallows, and the red is a cherry. The chocolate and marshmallows were sweet, and the cherry was very tart. The contrast of flavors was great: I could have a creamy bite (just the soup); a sweet bite (soup + chocolate/marshmallow); a tart bite (soup + cherry); or some some combination. By the time I’d tried each combination a couple of times, the course was finished: the perfect amount.
JERRY SEINFELD: So, I mean hey, these guys lasted this long while she flosses her teeth in bed? I mean hey, at least she doesn't use a Water Pic, am I right here?
I also taught my budgie to say, "Hello, baby"
Mr. Ratner scored a coup of sorts when he received the support of the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now, or Acorn, the advocacy group that has fought previous Forest City projects, which this time struck a deal to include a significant amount of moderate- and low-cost housing in the project.
Theme: Leftovers
Love you all!!!
Time is short on writing a post for today and who knows when I'll catch up on emails and blog reading.
We can have healthy debate over some of the questionable events all
For the winners, it's a pretty substantial prize that could take their beer and their business to a whole new level and market. The competition is open until the 27th of September.
-dandelion greens (enjoy in a salad or deep-fried, as we do at Dodge)
Doesn't cost me to be nice!
I recently posted a short article, on the sister site, entitled The Devil’s African Queen. It’s about Oprah Winfrey, “The Queen of the Talk Shows.” Have you ever heard this woman speak about the slaughter of Europeans taking place in South African, on any of her shows? This woman is one of the most powerful woman in America. If she really made the effort to spend just five minutes speaking about this topic, the whole Western world will, in a matter of days, be shouting “Stop the South African Genocide Now!”
I told her that I had lost hope that this relationship as salvagable, that I was skeptical about everything, that my love was dying. It was a very tough session, again. Hubby will see her by himself next Saturday. She thinks he has some things to say and I have been encouraging him to go by himself but we both kind of backed him into a corner about it.
Where the Lord is the ruler and the saints see His face
Mr. Weasel and I left the NICU during the evening shift change to have a dinner at home with our other children for the first time in a week. A week that had been filled with fear, anxiety and many more questions than answers. Yet, we had emerged from that week victorious; I had 5 healthy children, a loving husband and father and a happy home that we would soon bring our newest addition, Claire, into for the first time.
“Short pulse output spectrum: -40 dB BW is 12.4 MHz, (-80 dB at +/- 62 MHz), -80 dB at +/- 19.6 MHz for congested areas(congested areas require transmitter output bandpass filter)”
Abaya Collection caters for each individual and the ethos is to provide something for every personality, but keeping things modest is the main aim. Materials range from chiffon, silk, georgette, linen, wool and a variety of mixed fabrics. Prices range from £15 - £150 and are depending on the fabric and the variety of work. Styles range from simple, butterfly, casual and individual made to measure orders can take up to four weeks. Ashia also takes orders for made to measure wedding Abaya's which she will soon be showcasing on her website very soon
WASHINGTON, D.C. (Jan. 4) — Humorists, comedians and jokesters from around the country are being called on by the Department of Homeland Security to offer suggestions on how to beef up inspections at international airports.
4) The tell-tale exercise bike
opaque and glinting
For our one-year anniversary, my husband surprised me with a ride in a hot-air balloon. We had been up once before, during the Michigan Challenge Balloonfest — a perk I received for being a columnist at the local newspaper. But our second time up, as an anniversary celebration, was special since we got to enjoy the ride for nearly two hours away from the crowds and excitement of balloonfest.
The first man then asks: "Where are you from?"
filled with the smell of itself, relaxed, its steamy breath
The first item I will share with you is the Zebra Pink Hamper which is priced at $37.99. I have to say that I would love to have this hamper for myself. For one, my daughter now picks up her own clothes, I give the hamper credit for this. The stand of the hamper is made of natural wood and is very sturdy. It is also able to fold for easy storage and moving. The outside lining is a zebra print and the lid is a fabric liner that just drapes over the top. Super easy to open and close for a kid. On the inside there is a movable mesh liner which makes washing a breeze. You can simply take the liner out and move it to the laundry room. All of the fabric is able to be washed, so if the time comes that it looks dirty or gets smelly you can wash it with ease. I am really impressed with the quality of the hamper as a whole and how well it looks in the new room.
I love banana bread. It’s delicious and moist and reminds me of my grandma. The problem with banana bread is that you need 3 bananas, sometimes you don’t have 3 extra ripe bananas. So when I have 2 almost-too-disgusting-to-look-at bananas I make Banana Cookies. But when you just have one, I recommend these Banana-Pecan Biscotti.
This week, representatives for the group announced that the frontman would join the band for an appearance at the Sweden Rock Festival on June 10 and a headlining slot at the Download Festival in England on June 13.
The catch: China was completely closed to foreigners. Britain had just whupped them in the first opium war, so they weren't exactly friendly to Europeans. But in 1848, the British East India Company charged Fortune, an ambitious botanist from Scotland, with the task of sneaking into China and stealing tea plants. And we're not just talking about throwing a few seedlings into a gunny sack and jumping back aboard a clipper; Fortune made two journeys into the interior of China — in disguise — to dig up, package and haul out several hundred tea plants, plus convincing some Chinese tea makers to join him and bring their knowledge to the West. And he was largely successful.
One hundred and seventeen (117/312) or 38% of the Wingfield population were women workers, aged 17-90 years. The majority of women were bred in the Caribbean, the exceptions were seven; Maria, 18 years, Judy, 28 years, Lucinda 24 years; and Fanny, 28 years, who were born in the African Congo, whereas Nana, 50 years; Abigail, 50 years; Grace, 32 years, who were born in Iboland. Six women were categorised as ‘Mixed Race’ such as Charlotte, 20 years, house servant, and Betto Douglas (55 years, taking care of her two children – Betto’s story is told in SCHS Gazette 2009). None of the mixed race women worked in the field, they worked as seamstresses (2) Maria Dunbar and Betsey Moss; house servant (2) and taking care of her children (1).
All of this nonsense is more evidence of why locally elected politicians should be banned from having anything to do with serious issues like policing. I do not believe that Jones comments were an April fool, but it is a suitable date to have her on the telly.
Shaquille O’neal officially became a Boston Celtic Wednesday afternoon. Shaquille Oneal aka Superman has signed to the Boston Celtics after shopping for teams in the league. Shaq has played along side big name players such as Kobe Bryant, Dwayne Wade, Steve Nash, and Lebron James. Now he will move on to his next team the Boston Celtics where he will be joined by newly signed player Jermaine Oneal.
I know that it’s easy to take a look at my face
I didn't get the most wonderful pictures of the threesome out of it, but we all had fun trying! There was lots and lots of jumping on the couch (Frankie's favorite pasttime), dog watching, and giggling. As well as lots of picture taking by Mommy. Daddy will have a new background for his computer while he's in China anyway. lol
Refrain:
For some, becoming a caregiver is a decision that has been talked about amongst family, planned for, and decided upon before a time of real necessity. For others, the role of caregiver is unexpected. In an instant, this responsiblity is thrust upon them when a seemingly healthly and independent older parent takes a fall or is taken to the hospital.
The contest will begin at 3/9/2010 and will end 3/31/2010. Make sure that the e-mail address you leave is correct.
While you had been away
I’ll be in the midst of running a marathon in 12 hours! Eeek!
“Defaulting on our obligations is a reckless and irresponsible outcome to this debate,” Obama said. “And Republican leaders say that they agree we must avoid default. But the new approach that Speaker Boehner unveiled today, which would temporarily extend the debt ceiling in exchange for spending cuts, would force us to once again face the threat of default just six months from now. In other words, it doesn’t solve the problem.”
8. Continue to re-connect to the local and Pennsylvania beer community. I got better last year, I'm going to keep it up.
I decided that for Thanksgiving morning every year from here on out, we would start our day with Thanksgiving waffles. And it was very convenient for me that her school gave each kid a copy of the recipe! :-)
Anne Hayes (Con) 129
2 brought
Stand with your hands by your side.
Tori Wester is studying Political Science at Kennesaw State University. At 21 years of age, she has served as both Financial Secretary of the Georgia Association of College Republicans and Chairman of KSU College Republicans. Tori is currently working to reinstate the Cherokee County Young Republicans.
And when I find myself slipping into my old habits I will come back to this post and call myself out on it; nip it in the bud. Of course it’s fine to check books and other sources of advice when I have a specific issue I need to check, but I shouldn’t go seeking answers to questions that I don’t even have.
Well, every parent have parents too.. so of course I have grandparents. I didn’t live in a very close geographical locate to either side, as a result I didn’t see either of them as often as I would have liked. But I enjoyed my visits with them.
Comforts souls true and lowly.
Assistant is literally like a personal assistant, but in your phone. The speech interpretation is so accurate that users do not even have to speak very clearly or in a slow and robotic tone, according to a source familiar with the software. Users can simply talk how they would usually talk to another person, and the iPhone with Assistant will do its best to interpret the speech and provide accurate results.
Tonight I just need to make a few changes to it to get it into a more robust rough draft, then it will be ready for my next redraft.
Based on Indonesiabonds.com reports lately, there are at least eight Indonesia-based companies taking bonds issuance approach within the second half of this year. They are Medco Energi International, Sarana Bina Alam Semesta, Agung Podomoro Land, Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), Fast Food Indonesia, Alam Sutera Realty, Aneka Tambang and Perkebunan Nusantara II (PTPN II).
“And When The Door Cracks… “Agatha” he says… “Come”
13 The Great Cull
Other options:
I wanted to get in at least one game of Belfort with the upcoming expansion. I found some complete strangers to play the game (it’s so easy to find people to play games with at the Gathering!). Two had played the game before and one hadn’t, but they were all interested in playing with the expansion. The playtest went smoothly with one player saying that he’d only ever want to play Belfort with the expansion in the future because it brought the complexity up to a level that he enjoyed more. The game ended up in a tie between me and another player, and the tie-breaker is number of resources – and we both had the same amount of resource, so it was a complete tie!!
Most of the time, you will see blogs about someone’s day to day life.
If there was any doubt concerning the validity of the superintendent search process it should be abundantly clear to everyone that the process was nothing more than a ruse to placate the community.
the shadow …
Robert J. DeAngelis, 48, West Hempstead, N.Y.
scifieric:
At that moment, my skull decided to turn inside out. A blinding flood of pain superheated my eyeballs and pounded on my brain like a midget playing whack-a-mole in my head as a migraine hammered my forehead. I dropped the broom and pressed both hands to my temples in a vain attempt to soothe the pulsating agony. My sight blurred and I fell against the nearby shelf. Spray cans rattled on the floor, and a bottle of something green shattered and spread across the tiles, overpowering the other scents with the cloying odor of pine.
So yeah, anyway, rant over.
Text the Romance Back with Michael Fiore
20. painting
ian running errands with me every saturday morning lately. i have started to really look forward to that time with him. he's at that magical age of 15 where his social life is almost- just there- starting to take over, but not. quite. yet- so we still have him as our boy for a little longer. he is such good company, you know how some people are just reliably good company? i can't say that about myself, but ian, yes.
But ... beliefs that limit our actions and thoughts can be just as devastating as positive beliefs can be empowering. So there comes a point where each and every one of us has to look at our beliefs ... and challenge them.
shaking his plumes clear of dark soil.
The later Victorian dining tables extended by means of a winding mechanism operated by a handle.
2. We seemed to suffer a number of set backs to the plans this week. The army had already been all but destroyed and following a bit of a rethink/regroup/coming up with a Plan B things still have gone disastrously astray. What do you think the Crew will do now??
Newsmax gives few details beyond the standard campaign money issues. Close attention to phrasing reveals a less-than-salutary attitude on the part of Newsmax.
Anyway, this program must have been carried out successfully. Although I saw no public announcement about the "trap them and ship them" campaign, almost overnight peafowl disappeared. Only a few remain like this lonely peacock I spotted the other day:
DC Comics will be bringing back Batman as Warner Brothers will present what is expected to be the biggest hit of the summer – The Dark Knight Rises. Columbia Pictures will have a Marvel hero of their own as they reboot their own superhero franchise with The Amazing Spider-Man. The same studio will also be bringing back another franchise based on a comic book series as Will Smith dons his familiar suit for Men in Black III.
Recovery
How are your weeks going?
11. When do you think you became a grown-up?
The worst part is that some of the infestations are in apartments where there are not even any pets! That just does not seem fair... it's one thing to have to deal with them when you do choose to have critters - but when you don't, you should not have to!
Remarkably, Dudgeon does not seem to blame Barrie for the falling in battle during the First World War of his favourite Llewellyn-Davies brother, George, nor for the demise of his producer Charles Frohman who was on his way back to England at Barrie's request on the Lusitania which was torpedoed by the Germans.
Some days he has these big ideas and strong opinions and I just smile and nod and calmly find ways to distract him
My original plan was to use this card base found on Birthday Bash sized to 5.06 inches. I added an owl at 1.82 inches and the circle image at 2.76 inches from Happy Graduation. I welded 2012 using numbers from Birthday Bash.
4.blessing of the state (extended mix)
Edit: I also want to say that although my body is sore I do feel pretty good about myself. I'm also excited to after this 5K to begin training for a 60K on my bike.
1 large clove garlic or 2 small ones, worked to a paste with some salt
When I think about the latest Twitterstorm, involving the alleged naming of a rape victim, I am reminded of an old Anonymous saying: “Because none of us is as cruel as all of us.” I think it sums up nicely the attitude and perhaps the outcome of of the behaviour of some people on Twitter.
Personally, I enjoy the "vintage" way of airbrushing. I like the idea of someone physically painting the logo onto the card. It has a more personal feel to it. Plus, I kind of like the quirkiness behind some of the shots.
and I do finish you,
Concessions (Registered Student, Retired AISHE Member) includes full conference, 1 year’s AISHE Membership and conference dinner: €100
world's most dangerous country for journalists in the first quarter of
“Why? Most leaders have not experienced an organizational culture that requires values alignment as well as high performance. Without relevant role models or “on the job” training for managing values AND performance, organizational leaders don’t know what to “do differently” to do those things effectively.
Since the first butterfly emerged earlier this week I’ve been looking for a day that would be warm enough to let them free. With 3 kids, 2 dogs, some fish and a garden I really, really do not want anything else to feed and care for. Alas, it has been too cold or windy or both.
Vanilla Malt Buttercream
I am also dealing with a lot of other things that really need sorted through. I would really hate to lose a very close friend because of what is going on. I hate feeling betrayed and deceived....so...I am not sure what is going to go on.
Wow! I just spent 30 minutes trying to get back into my blog. It's all pretty confusing and complicated to me.
JW: Mainstream corporate-promoted Rock is dying as we speak. What gives me hope is the young men and women who are currently pumping their enthusiasm into varying styles of music. As an example, there is a young band from Albuquerque called The Squash Blossom Boys that embodies that pure love of music. They take old blues and folk songs from the 1920s and ’30s and rave some of them up into an out of control freight train. When any group of people get together to pursue their shared love of music, great things are always possible.
“Is he aware that, unlike other illnesses for which CBT is used as an adjunct, CBT as applied to ME is the central treatment? And can he assure us that anyone undertaking a course of CBT at a CFS Clinic is not then labelled as being mentally unwell. As others have mentioned, I wouldn't be kicking against a diagnosis of depression for example, if I were depressed. He's misinterpreting our reaction against being labelled mentally ill, it's not that we are rejecting the stigma of mental ill health, it's that we are rejecting the label of mental ill health because it is not a symptom of ME. Which is not to say someone with ME won't get depressed at some point down the road - having a disabling illness that robs you of your life etc would be enough to make the hardiest of souls feel blue. But it's the least of our worries - help us with the other stuff and depression is far less likely to arise as a reaction to the neglect.” Sue Howley, London, sick for 3 years
Approaching their 30th anniversary, Big Country (with Mike Peters from The Alarm as guest vocalist), are lining up concerts for a period of celebration that will not only embrace their illustrious past but also honour the life and times of original lead singer, guitarist and co-founder Stuart Adamson, who passed away so tragically in 2001.
… Therefore, boycotting Israeli products from the settlements essentially harms Palestinian livelihood.
Some people may think daisies are simple and not the most stunning flowers, but there is something beautiful and warm, genuine and subtle in its simplicity. It’s still pretty, it still gets the job done.
There are a lot of books and even DVDs on this subject and I own pretty much all of them. I agree with some, pull advice from others and disregard some. Massad Ayoob is one of my favorite authors on the subject, but you'll notice our four steps don't completely align with his. Ayoob says you should tell the officer "you'll sign the complaint", but most folks around here just want the perpetrator "arrested". One book I read last year indicated that you should call your attorney first and have your attorney call 911. If you do that and end up in front of a jury on a man-slaughter or murder charge, you better enjoy windows with bars... 'cause the jury will think you're the most callous jerk they've seen... IMHO.
another Ooh La Frou Frou girl!
Neither Nic nor Erica had ever thought much about online dating until they tried it and met each other! It was love at second or was it third site? Oh well, it did get them interested enough for Nic to court Erica with dates around their home city, Seattle, just like they were tourists! Not only did they get to see some fun sites, they realized they were meant to be together.
So it’s off to Vulcan and Spock, busy lying in his room like a teenage girl who just got dumped, even tries to make nice with Chapel in a moment that sets up … absolutely nothing. Seriously, she just walks into his room and watches him sleep. (Because they don’t have locks on their doors on the Enterprise, and because Kirk apparently doesn’t think he should tell Miss Lonely Hearts to stay away from Spock when he’s so hormonally/matrimonially imbalanced – dear God, Kirk, she specially prepared him some soup! Don’t you know what she’s capable of?!?!?) Spock decides to talk to her only once she’s turned to leave (because it’s more dramatic that way), and tells her, “I think I’ll have some of that soup.”
Lots of weekend news from here, too, but I have to run. More later!
We had a few issues with our class there this year. The class was too big, and there were several problem students that caused a lot of disruption and wasted instruction time. I'm not usually one to complain, but I did. The artistic director and the business director were wonderful to talk to. They agreed that my girls should have gotten moved to a class with serious, not recreational "my mom is just making me and I don't care" students. To make up for lost instruction, the artistic director will be giving them a private lesson in a few weeks to assess exactly where they are and what they know and then we have been offered free summer session ballet to catch up their foundational skills. I'm so glad I said something!
Congratulations, JoAnn. I have added a $25 credit to your account that you can use with your next order!
P.S. If you like this post, would you please take a moment to comment or rate it? I love feedback!!
There was no fast food in the thirties, unless you counted an ice cream cone at the drug store. Your vegies were done from the plant. For green beans , we had to break the ends off and pull the strings down the side and discard. Then we snapped them into about 2” pieces. Potatoes had to be peeled and cut up. Pinto beans had to be washed and soaked over night. You get the picture? Cooking three meals a day was not easy, but we didn’t know anything different and did what we had to do.
I put the key in the ignition anyway, but didn’t turn the engine on. Our car began to roll backwards. I frantically pushed down the brake pedal. The rolling slowed, but continued. I heard our car hit the BMW behind us. I increased the pressure on the brake pedal, but we kept rolling, pushing the BMW out into the street.
I have a few more photos from that shoot I want edit and post but have a list as long as my arm so will get round to it hopefully very soon.
I waited, parked directly in front of the store, and positioned so that I could see the doors on both sides of the store, knowing that no matter which one he came out, I was sure to spot him.
Practically every transaction a customer needs to complete with a bank can be accomplished either online or via the ubiquitous ATM network. And even though customers perform virtually all the processing themselves (doing the bank’s job while reducing bank costs), consumer surveys now rank bank service among the highest.
Major Lazer ft. Mr. Lexx and Santigold – Hold the Line (2009)
“Talk to me, Vern,” I answered, lurching hell-for-leather from the car park of the Time-A-While B&B and out onto Garfunkel Street with my foot jammed on the accelerator.
Transferred from cassette in our bourgeois studio, we hope we captured the power and the fury well enough for you lot, our luxurious 1200+ members in our vip suites. Scream was by far one of the most interesting and talented bands to come out of the Dischord scene. Which is saying a lot due to their revolutionary acts. The Stahl brothers have continued to write and put out continous work through various other projects as well as Wool, who followed the break up of Scream. Scream reunited and have been back for a bit now. Be sure to catch them when they hit your town and see how true masters of the old school show you young bastards how it's meant to be done.
Sometimes we all need a little something or the other to smile at.
Tapena is producing some excellent value wines, and these should appeal to many consumers. Wine lovers should enjoy these food friendly wines. They exceeded my expectations and earn my recommendation. Now I just need to check out their Rosé!
By Michael Mooney and Jim Webb
Have a happy workweek, everyone!
*Another tip I just saw- save time when passing out individual whiteboards. Drill a hole in the top corner. Attach a book ring and a sock. Inside the sock (eraser) can be the dry eraser marker. All in one storage!!
called me last spring to ask if i would take pictures for their 4th and 5th birthday party this fall. i had actually been meaning to call her to tell her that she needed to have a "tea party" birthday party for them this year. i had seen so many beautiful things on pinterest and thought that they were the perfect age for one. we almost said it at the same time because that was just what she wanted to do. she wasn't sure just how she was going to do it, though.
Some of China's earliest inhabitants lived in the Xi'an area over a million years ago, migrating along the Yellow River, which today forms the eastern border of Shaanxi. At least 500,000 years ago, proto-human Lantian Man was living in the vicinity of modern Xi'an; you can see the fossil evidence at the Shaanxi History Museum. The Banpo Museum presents finding from a Stone Age village dating back to 4500 BC.
Most restaurants serve Atlantic salmon (farmed) and most grocery stores carry farmed Atlantic salmon, depending on the season.
"Now think of magnifying your union with us. We, the Great Council of the Grandmothers, are with you now, and all those who work with the Net of Light are also with you. There are thousands, even millions now connected in light," they said. "Along with this union, call forth the power of the sacred places on earth. These will amplify the potency of our joint effort. Then call on the sacred beings that have come to prevent the catastrophe that threatens to overwhelm your planet. We will work together," they said, nodding slowly.
Who also kindly let the design team use some of her Digi stamps
Hi guys, long time no see!
Park: Just testing my theory.
Oh… and the ellipsis lives!
An Introduction to the ‘Participating With Safety’ Project
from anyone willing,
And to post tons of his pictures.
It didn't start over night. And it's not like his attitude change didn't happen on his birthday back in July. It has gradually gotten worse and my threshold for his badness has reached "the level".
This site contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available in our efforts to advance understanding of environmental, political, human rights, economic, democracy, scientific, and social justice issues, etc. We believe this constitutes a ‘fair use’ of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes.
I’m Forever Blowing Bubbles is a relic of the old custom of community singing at football matches – formal, organized singalongs before kick off. The fingerprints of this era can still be seen right across the land. At Birmingham City, for example, the fans sing Harry Lauder’s Keep Right On To The End Of The Road; at Bristol Rovers the old
A few years back, we (that is my DH (dear husband) Allen and I) went camping in California's Siskiyous, the first trip in a long time. Actually, the trip was more a disaster. We carried, yes carried backpacks and canned food and a small propane stove (I can't believe we did this) UP four miles of a mountain trail to set up our tent by a lake. No can opener. No matches. No fire. But the lake was pretty and later the stars came out.
So here i am, sleepless and pissed cause my boyfriend thinks its okay to go prancing around and being all gym crazy and social butterfly. While i sit at home being completely battered by the mere fact that i havent been told the truth these past 2 weeks. Wait i know what your thinking. You think its a double standard that i can text my ex with no issue and my boyfriend cant text his ex with no issue. You couldnt be more wrong. Let me tell you why.
Jake had been the envy of her friends at College . The athletic good catch, academically gifted - a genuine all-rounder with a head on his shoulders and already a gift for picking stocks. He was in his final year of economics, she the cute librarian who never quite made it to University. She wasn’t aware of his penchant for the pencil skirt and reading glasses when he first winked at her. Simone was attractive. Her blonde, hair swirled loosely and pinned with a tortoiseshell clasp, neatly dressed with a tantalising glimpse of cleavage as she scanned his reference books; a glimpse Jake Russell
For when it is over and done at the end of the day,
What was your favorite part(s) of Mother's Day?
A few weeks later, he gets a subpoena for this ticket. Luckily he wrote notes on the ticket of the actual events so he was able to recall exactly what had happened very easily.
My art background definitely influenced this book. At home we had books about medieval and Renaissance art, and I was fascinated with certain pictures when I was little. Hieronymus Bosch’s GARDEN OF EARTHLY DELIGHTS was one of these, with its weird figures and animals in an otherworldly landscape.
Anyway, havent been blogging as much of late, as have been getting pains in the right wrist, which apprently is an R.S.I - I keep telling the hubby its due to bad posture at work and not too much time on the pc at home, hehehe. Have been shopping around for decent gel support thingy but in the meantime Mr Pritt has been looking after me at work - hows this for "whats on your work top" pciture!!!!
Let me frame this story by saying that the Wolf has never been to Cleveland, but he was an instant fan after 2 1/2 hours aboard this cruise.
I don't know if this is making me feel any better but just the fact that my fingers are moving so fast on the keyboard is helping I think. I wish I could scream through my fingertips. I don't know what I would say but I am sure it would be loud as hell.
Here is Sam anxiously awaiting the upcoming boat ride...ok I was anxious. She was excited to be playing in the garage.
A bill tying judges and counties hands on the cheapest way to handle low-level bail bonds has cleared the Senate and already received a hearing in the House, putting at risk successful systems used in multiple jurisdictions. Tuesday, the House Criminal Jurisprudence Committee heard SB 878 which would disallow courts from accepting cash bonds less than the full amount pending pretrial release. In other words, the bail bond industry wants a monopoly. They want to force people to choose between coming up with the full amount in cash or paying 10-15% to a bail bondsman that they'll never see again. I happened to be in the committee hearing when this was heard and thought it was a terrible bill; having now read it, I'm convinced that's the case.
Without meaning to digress into bleating about other Instagram viewers for iPad, many of them have showed promise, but failed to deliver in terms of substance. Once iPad users have gotten over the fact they could view Instagram on their iPad, the next step is usually to delete the rather restricted app from their home screen. Not today.
Or, as you learned if you could get through even a single chapter of the Celestine Prophesy without your eyes bleeding from the horror of James Redfield's writing: There are no coincidences.
I choose thoughts that nurture my mind;
David Jay has been shooting fashion and beauty professionally for over 15 years. His images have appeared in a multitude of international magazines and advertising campaigns. Like so many others personally touched by the disease, Jay was inspired to act when a dear friend was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 32. Like the subjects themselves, Jay’s stark, bold portraits challenge traditional perceptions of the disease and capture the raw beauty, strength and character of so many extraordinary young women. Each portrait represents a singular, stripped-down vision of the life-changing journey that unites them all.
Total = $16.49
Plus, PCW Hall of Fame Inductions of:
When the hairs on her neck stood involuntarily, she was certain she was being watched. She turned around to see Lord Hastings regarding her with a cynical smile.
For receiving this award I must tell you, in alphabetical order, 26 things about me and pass the award on to other bloggers. That seems more than fair. Not easy, but fair.
Tue, Oct 09 Cleveland, OH Wolstein Center Fri, May 11
The thickets are green.
Axelrod: who gives a shit what he thinks?
X. Reflections on Habeas Corpus, the Bill of Rights, and the Constitution (contemplated)
1. Strong urge to re-read the Harry Potter series. And maybe Percy Jackson after that. And then Maximum Ride. And then Unwind, and Maze Runner, and — OMFG, someone please forcibly remove me from the Young Adult section.
I stamped out all the critters from the set and had lots of fun coloring them with copics. I used the roofs of the castle for party hats and stamped out a cupcake with Bake me a Cake. This card started with the idea of the dragon blowing fire at a candle and grew from there. I kept the background neutral so that the critters really stood out on the card.
I love hearing what my kids dream of getting for Christmas. They completely believe in the magic of Santa and that anything is possible. I'm so lucky to have three little believers in the house!
So why, then, do we need a huge article full of what are apparently tips to get your boyfriend/husband/random UPS guy to go “OMG, you have boobs, that’s so hot!”? They’re boobs. They accomplish that just by existing. They don’t need a PR campaign.
The world isn't evil
Put a quick post up on your Blog about the Sugar Rush and link back here
I reached in each compartment, begging the universe to send me something else of his.
The inner lining of the heart is called the endocardium, whereas the pericardium is the large membranous bag that encloses the heart. Any condition that affects either of these two structures leads to a heart disease. Endocartitis is the inflammation of the endocardium. The valves are the most commonly affected parts in this disease. Inflammation of the pericardium is known as pericarditis.
Named after the legendary BBC television children’s programme dating back to the 1950s, The Bill & Ben Partnership is George Amos and Paul Ragan, Englishmen who live in South Wales. Ragan established his own insurance business which he sold several years ago
It came from standing pools and springs
Founded in 1962 by Sam Brummer, a Polish immigrant and WWII vet (and a 2009 recipient of the Chevalier of the Honor of the French Republic) Hobby’s is a Newark institution. It is a true Jewish Deli in every sense of the word, although like many of its kind, it has had to adapt with the times.
Slide the heavy barges trail'd
Bernie was next, with one of her usual funny posts to make you smile - seems this past week a few of us have been battling with Mr Blogger :) And what a card Bernie brought to show too, here. The most gorgeous butterfly and lots of pretty flowers - a real beauty! Plus, a very clever trick to help disguise foam tape or pads. Thanks for that Bernie - and the profile photo is great, so well done on not giving up when Mr Blogger was stamping his feet!
La Pagode de Chanteloup was built in 1775 and is located in the midst of the beautiful chateaus of the Loire Valley in France. It is 44 meters tall and includes a mahogany staircase inside. Built by the Duke of Choiseul after his exile from the French Court, the pagoda, dubbed the "Friendship Monument", was built as a token of his gratitude towards his loyal friends who stood by him.
SH: I would clean to my standards, not yours.
iii. An official reprimand.
Those that are trying to use this challenge as a mechanism to peddle division, factionalism and hate amongst our ranks is an enemy - and must be treated as one.
Do students see the same questions on the reassessment?
It must have been tough.
Data, facts, information, wisdom, common sense, learning, experience . . . no matter what it's called, knowledge is infinite and priceless. We can know so much and still not know everything, but the more knowledge we gain, the more we can share. Now that's a gift that keeps on giving! I learned about these confections, known as Les Quatres Mendiants au Chocolat, from writer and historian Cynthia Bertelsen, who shares her extensive knowledge of food history and culture at Gherkins & Tomatoes. Knowing the rich story behind its origins turns these treats of chocolate, dried fruit and nuts from simple candy into a taste of history. For the complete recipe and origins of Les Quatres Mendiants, please visit Cynthia's blog for an all-you-can-learn buffet!
Hey Beer Knurds!
When I was diagnosed in Denmark more than five years ago, it was the doctor who pointed me to a site on the internet with more information about a necessary diet, the necessary supplements, the correct kind of exercise, and other such hoopla. The website was pink in color, but it was doctor recommended, so I read it and have now finally followed.
And water 350
In the final part of this series, the concept of cloud storage will be explored further.
Time of Day: Midnight
3 lb. Venison or Beef Roast
2010.08.20 Pakistan Dera Ismail Khan 2 1 Islamic militants are suspected of gunning down two cops.
If you’re very lucky and successful, then you can release a triple CD, LP, whatever but, before the DVD and Blu-Ray came, there was no physical support for a three hours long release on a single support. Now it’s over a decade the DVD is available but, as far as I know, at least in the “extreme Metal scene”, nobody ever released a DVD-only, three hours long album, you see? An “album” is a business concept inherited from 70 years of music industry, nothing more, nothing less. It has nothing to do with “an artistic point of view”.
I was caught up in one of the shows when I noticed the kitchen lights had dimmed. He opened the door and asked me to join him at the table that was set with schmancy silverware, cloth napkins and candles lit everywhere. He wouldn’t take a bite of anything until I had tasted it first. It started with a tomato and bocconcini salad followed by shredded brussel sprouts w/ bacon. The main course was a pasta in a homemade cream sauce (not Alfredo) with steak. And guys, he gave me the big steak. Can I get a swoon-swoon!!! He rounded it off with chocolate mousse for dessert. He genuinely found pleasure in seeing me enjoy the entire meal. This….is how you wine and dine a chick. IT WAS THE MOST ROMANTIC MOMENT OF MY LIFE.
It’s been a while since Joe appeared in one of the books. He’s a wonderful character, but sometimes I need to separate myself from the people who inhabit my head. (Imagine spending a year living in a two-man tent with your best friend and you’ll understand what I mean.)
It is very likely that the ETs would not have destroyed two entire underground cities on their own. This attack was much, much bigger than anything else had been.
“Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, – That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it and to institute new Government . . .” This is a quote from the Declarations of Independence.
Nceba Sodo: “One bullet one white infant, one rope one sellout’ …
Ben:
badly.
Adjust oven rack to middle position and heat oven to 200 degrees. Combine yogurt, paprika, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper in a medium bowl. Reserve 1/2 cup yogurt mixture. Place bread crumbs in a shallow dish. Pat cutlets dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. One at a time, coat cutlets in remaining yogurt mixture and dredge in bread crumbs, pressing to adhere.
found beauty in my charred soul
"I'm very pleased to announce that my agent, Caitlin Blasdell of Liza Dawson Associates, has negotiated a new deal with Ace, an imprint of Penguin Group (USA), for three books to be published in North America in 2012—2014. (This follows next year's forthcoming title, "Rule 34", which is due out in July.)
When I think of Tim Holtz it's always a tag that springs to mind. I've used my 'Tims Tags', distress ink and a Tim Holtz sentiment.
Behaving as the wind behaves.
I wish he could do it without effort...I wish it came easier to him.
....and then they strolled into the water as I turned the corner. Oh dear.... Deb said keep them enclosed for 2 weeks and its only been 2 days!
Had we known how much fun farm camp would be we could have planned for all three kids to go the same week. As it happened, Maya was initially the only one interested. After hearing about & seeing how much fun she had, Riley & Seth decided they wanted to give it a try. This week was Seth's turn, and he loved it just as much as he thought he would. Maybe more. In a few weeks, Ri will be going to the veterinary-themed camp for the older kids.
In 2009, a proposed class action against Merck, based on ERISA claims surrounding Vioxx valuation, the Federal Court Judge made a fascinating “zombie” remark that explains a kind of zombie jurisprudential theory or zombie judicial philosophy.
Kansas City vs. Cleveland
P)Passion
Sophie Griffin
For an entire year, the director scouted out villages in Hunsrück (between the Mosel and Rhine rivers in southwestern Germany). Reitz had to carefully plan shooting and arrange with villagers to disturb their daily lives as little as possible, as a large film crew can easily disrupt the life of a small community — the cast alone was composed of 200 actors and actresses, and as many as 5,000 extras. The ‘peaceful’ countryside posed special problems of its own for the film crew. Apart from noisy farm machinery, the director had to contend with the unwanted sounds emanating from a nearby American airbase. Pre-production was followed by two years of shooting (268 days of actual filming) and two years of post-production. During production, Reitz had to scramble to put together financing for the £2m budget project, minuscule by today’s standards. Heimat 1 was released in theatres for a year before being televised. Attracting on average 12 million viewers each evening it was broadcast, Heimat 1 became the greatest success story in
"You may live in Paris," she said "but you are not FROM Paris".
1 linings
Reading Gurjinder Basran’s Everything Was Good-bye is making me feel really sorry for my sex. I mean, I know women have struggled throughout history…to have equal pay, to work, to vote, to feel safe at home and out on the street…but, most of the time, the framework in which I have studied and read about these issues is about breaking down staunch, patriarchal institutions and the cultural beliefs that these institutions create.
She also resents how her abrupt success has been interpreted as a sign that digital self-publishing is a new way to get rich quick. Sure, Hocking has got rich, quickly. But what about the nine years before she began posting her books when she wrote 17 novels and had every one rejected? And what about the hours and hours that she's spent since April 2010 dealing with technical glitches on Kindle, creating her own
All good Romance has to have an HEA - a Happily Ever After ending.
Jane was not as comforted as Patti wanted to make her, Jane was not as comforted as she hoped her mother would make her, but both were more comfortable with each other than at any point in their lives.
Celebrating the win leads me to my next quick topic:
Today I went out for a long-ish jog. I did one of my favorite loops where I run from my neighborhood to one of the others in the city and back. For those who have never been here, Pittsburgh is quite a hilly place. This run in particular has a pretty steady incline for over a mile. Today, it went so well! It's so easy to get tired and give up when you're running up a never ending hill, but today I just kept thinking "One foot in front of the other." Before I knew it, I was at the top, and I was lucky enough to spend the rest of the run going back down. Phew! Toward the end of the run, I even got the elusive runner's high where I really felt like I could go forever. It's almost like taking a step is effortless. Your body just does it without thinking and you could run faster and further than even before. Love that feeling!
I just couldn’t pass the opportunity to buy a book with such a title for one Canadian dollar (well, 1.13 after you throw in the taxes…).
Modern day slavery with no room for bravery
Question the Mt. SAC teammates and coaching staff and they will tell you otherwise.
For me, the story began on the evening of March 7, when my wife Denene brought my attention to a story on Reuters. The headline read “Family of Florida Boy Killed by Neighborhood Watch Seeks Arrest.” It was about a family in Florida who had held a press conference seeking justice for their 17-year-old son, Trayvon Martin, who had been murdered ten days earlier by a man named George Zimmerman, the captain of the neighborhood watch patrol in a Sanford subdivision called the Retreat at Twin Lakes.
Credit must go to the puppeteers and effects team, as the "Baby" is weird but well-done, and the gore effects are heavy and designed for maximum gross-out effect. Take the scene where "Baby" masturbates (with his umbilical cord) to a diarrhea chugging video. Great atmospheres here, too, harkening back to the prime 70s-era of seedy urban grindhouse cinema. A fun and memorably humorous horror shocker here. (R Squared Films)
If you're up to it, you can email me your note and picture to Kristin.cook23@gmail.com, with 'Who Loves Elliot' in the subject line. I am hoping to get this project done before he's born (because I know its less likely to happen when I'm busy with a newborn!), so if you could try to send them before February 28th, that would be awesome.
Both tracks are available as bonus cuts on the Cd reissue of Mayall's 1968 LP "Bare Wires".
Number eight hung on for the first day and the owner quickly made a deal with her. Amalia had chosen her rider. That did not mean that she would not throw her off on occasion, only that she liked her better than the others.
Another thing that makes everything better is the fact that I’m in fact, marrying Danny. A few times we’ve just randomly said to each other, “I can’t wait to be married”; it’s an awesome feeling thinking about the future. Yes, I want it to be the best party ever, but if it’s not perfect, and we still end up married, it will be a success.
This is the first initial sketch of Shorty (the girl), and she's a gang leader. I've made some alterations to her outfit now. I'm thinking of giving her a BTSSB dress or an AP dress. I just can't decide on the print yet!
It is June 23rd and we are still in school. Still trying to move children along, still trying to keep them busy and engaged. Still trying to keep the fun in learning while still trying to teach them to negotiate, share, be empathetic, kind and caring and generally teaching them how to be good people! It is not an easy task when the school year has gone on longer than it should.
It is night. The servants are headed for the flea market. They are following Anwaar and Fareda. Saameira and Imtithal are whispering about being scared.
I felt stunned and amazed by this event. Why would such a beautiful event take place here, where people never are, or it’s not like you have a reason to go there if you don’t know about it. Maybe it’s for a later patch or something? I hope so, so people get to see it, but still I kinda want it to be a secret. Cause I love these hidden, secret places people usually miss as they rush through quests and other things. I like to have more time and explore everything, every little corner of the map. But I still think there has to be more, or would they really do that much for a 3 min event in a place like that?
seemed closer to the conventionally feminine than the likes of
Many of our trainees have also gone on to a career in media. Not our primary purpose, but welcome nonetheless
Then there was the argument about the Pulitzer short list is too short, and it should be longer. Well, the clue is in the name. The ‘short’ list. There is a longer short list. The list, and a longer list – the long list… but to enable to have a short list, you have to make the list… shorter, thus necessitating a short list.
Time to vacate the Dante Chamber
Batman (Danny Elfman)
whatever trouble anyone is facing is to send His Word! It makes no
Your work is amazing and I am so happy to have found your blog.
Because I know I am not the only one
Whipped Orange Cream
Our memory is only as good as the use it gets. So, with phones that store all our numbers, with post-its and plain notepads that store our to-do lists, with books that we can refer whenever we need to, with online dictionaries that save us the trouble of remembering what words like macaronic or saprostomous mean, it seems like our memory really gets very limited use. Such as, perhaps, where we saw our keys last, or what someone’s name is, or remembering to pay our rent on time. Unless, of course, you are in a business that depends on your ability to remember. Being a cabbie in London, for instance. Foer writes that:
Firstly, the beer lineup was a disappointment and of the 21 beers listed about five were Rogue and its many affiliates (Eugene City, Issaquah, Green Dragon) and one (Bridgeport) didn't even show up.
but Shine.
Would soon be destroyed
You went and not return,
I will break these down individually.
It was for their own good, for goodness sake!
Until the time comes for God to send his Son, Jesus, back to get His bride, it is up to each one of us as Christians to allow others see a little glimpse of what God and his Son, Christ looks like through us . It is important that we notice God at work around us every day. The other day, my dog, Smokey slipped and wrote about God’s presence. Smokey is so very right. We must acknowledge God in all that is around us. When we acknowledge in all of our surroundings, we see the most beautiful portrait of God and his Son. We can also look in the mirror every day and see a beautiful image of God. After all, we are made in His image.
Every film can capture something in its frames and make it valuable and worth saving, even if it's just the gaze of a pretty girl. And in this specific instance, I helped give that back to the people who needed it most.
Ouch and I think I deserved it.
Linking up with the following girls;
Kiyomi (after giving this request some serious thought. As if I had just asked her for a kidney): Oh, ALRIGHT. I'll give you until 8:30 tomorrow night.
These are the first ten. And because Daniela at Arcadia is so generous, she's promised me a couple of extra copies that will be winging their way to Tom and Holly.
“Nice place, Hermel,” he said after a minute of admiration. “City life is treating you well. You’ve gained weight,” he said without a hint of mockery. “But cousin, I came to bring a message from Grandfather. He says all of the fighting men who left the village should return. Bandits have attacked and taken hostages. Their chief is demanding the spring seed for their return. I’m sorry, but I must add that your sister, Iliza, is one of the hostages,” said Hornmel.
The little daughter now seems to have a case of the big D; I don't mean Dallas. So my love this year will be shown through changing diapers and calming cries.
Lila is all of 8 weeks old in this! I can't believe how tiny she is! A fearless little ball of fluff.
1/2 c margarine (I use Vegan Becel)
find their way
This is a dredge line. You take something prepared to cook and then prepare it to fry! Now these contain a good amount of garlic... Garlic Tip: Once you have a naked garlic clove ready to chop, slice it in half length ways, make sure there is no part in the center of the garlic that is turning green, or thinking of turning green. If you find a bit that is greenish, simply dig it out and discard. That junk is bitter like you wouldn't believe! Then chop the rest, because its fine. Now, don't be confused by the order of the dishes in the picture: Olive in flour, then egg, then breadcrumbs (I like pulverizing Ritz crackers, choose your own breadcrumb...EZ prep: buy a package of breadcrumbs)
we will find joy in the journey.
i was expecting the new computer ryan was building for christmas... but when ryan came down stairs to start breakfast he pulled out a present from the "spider closet" (which i am sure is pretty self explanatory) and put it under the tree before i saw. he said it was from santa.
This brew ranked a 36/50 in the Bluebonnet Brewoff and made it to the second round as a Specialty Beer, since it is an overhopped Blonde.
( And yes, I thought up this test and post and title while hiking. Silence is dangerous mind material.)
· Participation in our monthly blog hops and contests are required.
Jolee "Bling" Adhesive Rhinestones
NOW ONLY $ 10
Filled with wholesome themes typical of a Frank Capra film – particularly that of the triumph of the common man over the corrupt leader, it is one of the original “feel good” movies. “It’s a Wonderful Life” also made me fall in love with James Stewart. He was such a nice guy. As a child, I began asking my father, the resident movie buff, for “more Jimmy Stewart.” My father came back with 1939′s “Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,” (another Capra/Stewart collaboration) and 1958′s “Vertigo.”
“You guessed it.”
This is my just in case card ; ) In case my daughter had a girl lol.
Krishnamurti: When we use the word “prayer”, I think we use it with a very definite meaning. As it is generally understood, it means praying to someone outside of ourselves to give us strength, understanding, and so on. That is, we are looking for help from an external source. When you are suffering and you look to another to relieve you from that suffering, you are but creating in your mind, and therefore in your action, incompleteness, duality. So from my point of view, prayer, as it is commonly understood, has no value. You may forget your suffering in your prayer, but you have not understood the cause of suffering. You have merely lost yourself in prayer; you have suggested to yourself certain modes of living. So prayer in the ordinary sense of the word, that is, looking to another for relief from suffering, has to me no value.
They recite the Lord’s prayer
MTV FRED KELLY SitcoM ProjecT: 30 Minutes Against Rock’n Roll But Pro-Corporate Movies And For Mainstream Pop Music ANTI-DRUGS, ANTI-DRUGS!!
Hummm. What do I really want? I struggled for a second and then it came to me! I want to hear your audible voice God. I want to hear you more clearly in every way.
1 dozen eggs
(BTW, the strawberries are to die for and very abundant.)
She has not reached the epiphany of having to make her bed and plays the "I baby" card, when we all know very well that if you call her a baby she protests with a "I not baby, I big girl!" and is more than capable to pulling her blanket up and putting her pillows in the correct spot to make her bed. Girls... they know how to get what they want.
Conversely, the prices of the leading companies in the US and the world are selling at historically low valuations; even after the recovery since March, 2009. Further, unlike the income from bonds, dividend income from stocks can rise over time…in addition to possible share price growth. Additionally, and of particular importance for long-term investing like retirement, bonds offer you no ability to protect against loss of your buying power.
Ms. Sheppard has spoken at several women’s conferences, a parent-teen retreat speaking on abstinence, held her own seminar in September 2010 and held her first single women’s conference in April 2011. Ms. Sheppard currently resides in Alexandria, VA but frequently travels as a motivational speaker to deliver messages of inspiration, transformation and enlightenment to make a lasting impact to audiences everywhere. Ms. Sheppard speaks at workshops, conferences, seminars, book clubs, churches, youth groups and more. To contact Ms. Sheppard, please visit her website at www.iamthechase.com or www.chasingbooks.com for more information about her ministry and book club.
Can true love survive the end of the world?
Finally, here's the sketch.
It seems selfish right now, to write a blog where I try to encourage people to eat good food for their families, when there are families and children in Haiti who are forced to eat mud cookies, which are literally made out of dirt, shortening and salt and baked in the sun. The price of basic staples in Haiti have gone up exponentially in the past year, making mud cookies a staple that many of the poor have to rely on. (Read more about mud cookies here.)
The patent for superconductors was filed on the 8th of April. Will she use these, if science is her career choice? If she wants to invent the star drive, she might have to.
2.towards the unknown
Besides the fact that it had Johnny Depp.... (that never hurts!) .... I walked around for days remember that sad look on his face when he looked at Alice and said, "But you'll forget all about me." Do you think that perhaps there is a wonderland and we are all just playing in a different world?
My simple definition of a "Social Media" Friend:
moving from
This weekend we took a trip on the "Santa Train" with the Georgetown Loop Railroad. We had some groupons for it, and so we brought the whole family - us, Aunt Mary and my parents! All together 5 adults, 3 kids, and 2 wheelchairs as part of that. I called in advance to make sure we could all go, and the assured me we could - so we did.
NOTE: I received this book from Zondervan for free in exchange for a review and was under no obligation to provide a favorable one. The thoughts and words expressed in this review are my own.
»Scene 2: Shays’ apartment«
“Perhaps,” he suggested, “you are precipitate; perhaps you have mistaken; perhaps you have been hasty. These things are often the result of impulse in women. I have often wondered how they could make up their minds; I believe they certainly ought to be allowed to change them at least once.”
Mr.Churchill said the question was whether it might be wise "to allow public feeling to develop a little more - before takg. action...May be wise to wait...But it wd. be fatal to let it develop too far." (11)
If you are ever at the Houston Museum of Fine Arts or in the museum district, be sure to stop by here for a quick lunch!
I just love waking up in my bedroom and seeing the chandelier in all it's glory right above our bed. I'd found it so long ago I can't remember where. It was a part or my dreams for my next home that I waited so long for that i can't believe I finally get to enjoy so many of my dreams.
Around here, we enjoyed a great, long weekend of beautiful springtime weather.
Thanks for adding color to my life and stains under my fingernails. When there’s a green splotch on my thumb, I know I created something.
Sompur Buddhist Bihar at Paharpur – Historical & Tourist Place in Bangladesh Kusumba Mosque at Naogaon – Historical & tourist Place in Bangladesh Ahsan Manzil, Dhaka – Historical & tourist Place in Bangladesh Dhanmondi Lake, Dhaka Beautiful Bangladesh Exclusive New Video The World’s Largest Alpona in Bangladesh Cox’s Bazar District Information
Don't:
So, woncha take a couple of minutes to try out the Piley Challenge? 10 multiple choice questions, EVERY answer has appeared in a blog post at one time or another, so lets see who the stalkers are out there!! If anyone gets 80% correct or over I'll stick the names in a hat and award a prize!! No idea what it'll be though!
Under this monumental weight, the Atlas that is Joulupukki manages to attain catharsis. The latter pieces over-driven, the beats big, brutal and nasty, the record seems to therapeutically expunge itself of all emotion, culminating in a final cut that is a defiant ship lost in a storm, battered by rogue waves yet faithfully waiting for the calm. In this state of mind, devoid of all concern, there is nothing left but a meditative stasis.
the stars etch
This is not the place for a full discussion of the many huge social and economic changes that took place in the 19th. century, so I have contented myself with a quick mention of just Disraeli and Bismarck. Those two do not remotely, however, exhaust the list of interesting conservatives from that time. There were in fact many conservatives of the time who acted in ways that upset stereotypes popular today. A good place to start exploration of that would probably be any history of the life and works of Richard Oastler. He was a notable predecessor of Disraeli in worker-welfare agitation and legislation yet was also, like Disraeli, a high Tory. By modern standards he would be the most hopeless reactionary yet he was also a passionate and effective advocate for the welfare of the workers. History is very good at overturning simple theories! And I think it should already be clear that the concept of conservatism as opposition to change is one of the silliest of all theories.
3. Did the higher natural increase of churchgoers, together with their psychological profile, lead to an evolutionary process similar to what Clark (2007) has described for England? (i.e., gradual demographic replacement of impulsive, present-oriented individuals with disciplined, future-oriented individuals).
And walk with the men who for "freedom" you have let.
(so 8 957 on this trip)
God, take this from me.
This is a fun one. Yes, I arrived by bike. Yes, pedalling. Yes, with that thing attached behind me. The shock factor prompts facial expressions from sickening disbelief (“No, no impossible!”) to all-out laughter at the ridiculousness of my undertaking. If it’s hard for my close friends to imagine why I would dedicate a serious chunk of my life to pedalling mountains, how can I expect a 70 year-old-woman who has never walked ten miles past her front door to understand? It’s inexplicable, preposterous, insane, dangerous, crazy, stupid—the adjectives that come from their frail, wrinkled mouths never cease to amaze me. Building up to the fact that I’m biking all South America, not just Peru, is always good for pity points, an extra heap of potatoes here, a larger lamb cut there.
Even the Disney movies get in on the act, making even the adults cry with their sad tales, which thankfully always ends happy and teaches us a lesson to boot! Animated movies have come a long way, with Disney and Pixar etc., and are movie blockbusters, with big name stars behind the voices. (My favorite part of the movie is trying to figure out the name behind the voice, lol.)
Less grab, more have.
Generally speaking, it’s a little cooler in Denmark than in Perth (5 hour drive to the North), and they get a bit more rain. As it turns out Perth was also cooler and rainier while we were away so I guess we didn’t really miss the heat.
Good Afternoon All, I am sorry my post is late but as some of you know I have had Internet and telephone problems, But It looks like we are now fixed, I just hope it Lasts.
There is much truth in the idea that the posters festooning Edinburgh are promoting promoters not acts but, ultimately, they are building awareness of acts even if they are not putting extra bums on seats; and every act – even one perceived to be successful – is struggling in some way. Showbiz careers are frail facades of mirrors and smoke.
May's item of the month is going to be sippy cups! Now, please note I have a very limited number of sippy cups left in stock. As soon as I sell out of these Playtex style cups I'm going to change to another cup (the Playtex ones are discontinued). Sooooo...get your orders in now. Make sure to email me and I can confirm what colors/styles I have available. Once they're gone...they're gone.
Atlas is a leading global provider of outsourced aircraft and aviation operating services and the contract with Etihad Airways is for one aircraft under a multi-year Aircraft, Crew, Maintenance and Insurance (ACMI) agreement.
That henceforth all of us united be,
As a member of the Greek community at the University of Missouri, I pride myself on contributing to campus life and society through philanthropic events with sisters I have grown to love and respect. From the day I accepted a bid card, I became part of a larger group than myself, and quickly learned that the way I choose to represent myself also reflects the way I choose to represent my sorority.
Musica put down her flute.
And rare Indian perfumed unguents’ open-stoppered spills
2000: 50 deaths
Bestselling author Dannah Gresh empowers moms of with six proactive ways to raise sons age 8-12 to be honest, confident, and respectful. This encouraging, practical resource shows how the formative years can shape a godly, healthy teen and adult. Includes engaging activity ideas, and Scriptures to pray over sons.
Bake in a moderate oven for an hour or maybe less
The word ‘Mamak” came up again at the Penang Speakers Square last Sunday. A regular, Uncle Alfred lamented that his fellow Malaysians have forgotten their roots.
I write this just after receiving a 'hint' from a friend about my approach.
I’ll admit I was angry. Technological monogamy requires a certain level of trust, and I felt especially pained to know that – just a year into what I thought was something special – Comcast had secretly betrayed the relationship.
6-8 weeks wait for CGH results!
When we engage in sexuality, it is a time for heightened consciousness, not the release of such. When we let go of our spiritual attention and engage in sexuality, we amplify our already present tendency to want. Whenever there is wanting, there is interference. When we want through sex, we become downloading stations for interference and amplify our own state of disconnection. Though a momentary feeling of bliss through orgasm feels great, most of us have no idea what really went on in the unseen while we temporarily reached such heights.
As it is across generations, might it be across the individuals that make up the generational branches of a family tree?
as a school of fish decided to swim all around her legs making it impossible
Later on in the day, my buddy Alex (Mr “fix-it/anything” from my postproduction days and great friend) came buy and is gonna help me out with the electrics. He seemed quite confident with most of it, he’s gonna make me a schematic (!) and clean up and fix a few things. He had a go at that stuck solenoid nut but “no go”. If Alex can’t loosen it, it’s stuck for good till replacement.
Let me be the change I want to be. Even if I am not the light, I can be the spark.
Along the way, you’ll find that a lot of people talk about the “Lonely Planet” route. Because most people are using the Lonely Planet Southeast Asia book (affectionately called the “Yellow Bible”), everyone ends up going to the same places and seeing the same things. The further I traveled, the further I realized this was the case. In fact, I ran into a couple (Ian and Claire) in 6 different places over the course of about 1 month.
1/2 cup dried cranberries or other dried fruit
We all ran back into the classroom, jumping behind our desks and 'fell asleep' (in gaelic) before she picked herself up and trudged back into the room!
Julian Cope World shut your mouth UK
In fact, around 80-90% of all corn and soy grown in the United States is now GMO, thanks to Monsanto. That’s why I love supporting local, small business, artisans, and of course, farmers which are growing crops using seeds from organizations like seed savers.
I’m not doing well with my ever-worsening health situation, but I must say that I’ve gotten enormous comfort over the years by reflecting upon other people’s misery. Based upon my own experiences and what I’ve read, I’ve learned two things about chronic pain: there’s often very little that doctors can do to alleviate it; and the only limit to how much pain a person can experience is determined by the point at which he passes out, and even then he has to wake up again. I’ve read about people whom, if I were them, and had I been able to use a gun on myself, I would have run to that gun. I draw two conclusions from such somber reflections. One is that I’m lucky compared to how bad off I could be. The second is that to truly allow the knowledge of such pain into my heart has made life seem a lot more serious. When I was young, I pretended that life was simply a game that I would someday tire of, and then go back to my real existence; but, no, our lives are as real—and sometimes as horrific—as when a leopard crushes th
Reprising a 2006 Sun series on the cultural impact of Krsna Consciousness on the western music scene.
and a few more... i have a bunch more to make and will be sharing that soon... gonna take a blogging break (from posting) for the weekend but i couldn't leave you stranded on this friday and was glad i had something done to share with you... so i'm hoping these will spark some mojo in you to get crafty over the weekend!
There were only five there, but the fourth one down jumped out immediately.
A client of mine recently asked for my help with a master bedroom/bathroom update. She was concerned about the location of the toilet - as in, it is visible from the bedroom and it is very close to the shower. She considered flipping the toilet and sink, but the expense of moving it alone AND the additional tile work seemed risky. So we came up with a plan b.
I had heard about this on the BA boards, but had not seen it confirmed anywhere. Here it is from the horse's mouth. No word on Austin.
Exactly. It is the land they legally settled and bought themselves out of their own free will. Apartheid gave them self rule and fully assisted them every year with billions of rands.
Also today, you are reading the blog of an unschooling parent. Why? Why are you here? You don't have to answer that. Just think about it. What drove you to come to this page of the Internet? No wait, I changed my mind. Leave me a comment and tell me why you're here. I am curious.
Aren't they gorgeous?! I love them! I much prefer this Divergent cover to the hardback!
Galadriel: How would you know?
ABC News reported on Monday that American and European officials feared al Qaeda may soon try to attack US-bound aircraft using explosives implanted in the bodies of militants. ABC reported that due to this concern, security had been stepped up at some British and European airports and some Federal Air Marshals may have been redeployed.
So how in the heck did they break sod on the prairie all day long?
The true meaning of Christmas will forever be a communal celebration of Love.
Author Christine Nolfi is with us today to talk about her road to publication and her decision to self-publish. Her newest book, The Tree of Everlasting Knowledge, is available now. Please let’s give her a warm welcome.
Or perhaps I should say it's the kind of thing I could not look at without breaking into a smile even though I'm Jewish. As I looked around me on the street, I began to think I had seen an optical illusion up on the tracks. None of the wizened Chicagoans around me bothered to take note of the spectacle above. I looked at the passersby focusing on the smart phones or keeping their heads down as they walked into the wind. Did they even notice the Santa Train?
13 Esther
faucet
My annoyance is with the yard. There is so much to do to the yard! The previous owners neglected it quite a bit, so I have a lot of work to do to bring it back up to speed. All the other homes in my neighborhood have really nice yards, so I want to clean up my yard to match. At least repairs on the yard are inexpensive.
The repairman finally turned to us and said, “I think this computer has a virus. I’d like to take the hard drive in to work on it.”
This week I start the new job. I say new even though it's with the same employer and it's still teaching. The only difference is that I'll be teaching on campus and it will be topics that I haven't really taught before. Luckily, the pedagogical methods are similar, and if history is any indicator, I perform very well when I'm under stress and nervous. It's not very fun being nervous though. I'm taking everything a day at a time, because if I think about everything I have to do, I get all panicky. It's exciting too, my classroom has a smartboard in it and all the students have laptops on their desks and we have the internet, speakers and everything. Yay! It seems that for the first time in over ten years here in Quebec, I will finally have a steadier income that is above the poverty level. FINALLY! And I owe it all to my old mentor, the guy who trained me to be an ESL teacher. Thanks A!
Sept 15 – Jaggard UMC – Altoona, PA (W/Valencia)
Now, for the prizes… because what would a good birthday party be without presents?? I will be giving away Bloodstone Saga t-shirts, signed copies of Every Last Kiss and House of Thebes, bookmarks and a couple of bracelets.
..... she chose the ChapStick. She's so not into makeup...... not like me at her age.
02. You Didn't Try To Call Me
If you're planning to use the laundry room in an RV park, you might want to check out the facilities before registering. You can go on to another campground if the facilities, equipment and cleanliness are inadequate.
Producers are seeking “accomplished and upscale women in the Calabasas area who have fabulous lives, are very social, are involved in the community, but also have a very deep commitment to their faith.”
Why? I wonder.
I think I would have been in heaven with a canopy bed like the
it feels like they have known each other forever...
Philly Pressbox would like to thank our Sponsor, Shop.com.
Yes, the ADL does "many good things."
Composer/Keyboardist Peter Wiegold is looking forward to the third season of Thursdays at Club Inegales in Euston, (180 North Gower Street NW1 2NB) and writes:
Big changes are coming in the realm of scientific research in the United States. In the past, innovations in engineering and theoretical physics primarily have been funded by the government. The major contributors to the development of new technologies and experimentation have been universities. But recently we have begun to see a shift away from this traditional procedure in favor of a more private means as the funds the government offers seem to dwindle. What has caused this shift away from the norm from the last two hundred years of academic study and scientific research in general? With the rising consensus that America’s budget is in trouble, applied and theoretical science research has taken a backseat with the risk that we may never be able to compete on a global scale again. The biggest concerns involved are conservative skepticism and the indifference of voters, yearly shifts of the government’s budget, withdrawal of government funds from partially finished projects, an increase in funds for medical research, and the mul
The life-cycle graph is really just another “at a glance” view of the product portfolio situation and context. In figure 2 the majority of the business units revenues are derived from product lines that are in decline in terms of product life cycle. (We are assuming a common product life-cycle curve in this example.) 25% of the products lines revenues are based on mature product lines while 30% of revenues are based on product lines in growth phases. Obviously, in the out years this business unit will have issues maintaining profitable revenue growth – or it already may be a reality. One caveat here: this is not an absolute analysis (i.e. its both qualitative and quantitive) and there are the grey areas between product maturity and decline for example. Use this framework as a guide in your overall analysis and context setting.
All in all, it was an exhausting weekend that was also a complete blast! Tons of new friends made, tons of contacts made in the business, and lots of games played. Can’t wait until next year!
The scarab beetle (symbol of Renewal and Endurance), by local artist Topsy Grewlike, is made up of Sage, Baltic, Tyne and Millenium Bridges. All are visible in the background from this position in the Ouseburn Valley.
I will upload them shortly.
But more importantly, I also think the young lady has guts. Lots of them. If you disagree, strap an Indy car on your back and go racing 200+miles per hour with a bunch of other cars buzzing all around you at the same speed. Or, strap on a NASCAR stockcar and spend all afternoon making left turns in front of 200,000+ screaming fans and tens of millions more watching on the TV.
“This is a milestone in the fight to claw back our civil liberties. Under the Labour government, our civil liberties were steadily eroded by an increasingly over-bearing security state. “Liberal Democrats have done the right thing to clear up Labour’s mess by ending these shameful practices with the Protection of Freedoms Act. “The Coalition Government has already scrapped ID cards and destroyed the National Identity Register and is now making another leap forward with this Act to end Labour’s surveillance state. “The Act stops councils snooping, ends the storage of the DNA of innocent people, reduces the bureaucracy of CRB checks, curtails 28-day detention without charge and bans schools from taking children’s fingerprints without parental permission.” And another release quotes Chair of LGBT+ Liberal Democrats, Adrian Trett:
Follow on Twitter @risingtidebeer
Bend down.
I have to say, each time that I drive away after leaving him at the house he lives in (an RTC, they have house dads for the boys' houses and house moms for the girls) it is so hard and I am so grateful that I miss him. So many times in the past that I thought I wanted to just have him be a memory. So many tears shed over whether I'd ever have the hope of a future with him in it. So many times I just knew it, with certainty, that he'd be in prison and the only contact we'd have would be through glass. (Been there with him, you just cannot hug through a phone.)
We had a very lively discussion. They all spoke about their work to start with then we discussed poetics referring to the work of Robert Sheppard and looked at a few ideas form Hazel Smith’s The Writing Experiment. They left buzzing with ideas.
And lady-smocks all silver-white
Row 9: Ch 2, turn. *Bpdc in next dc, Fpdc in next dc. Repeat from * around. Do not join.
I’m waiting to see if my first father emails me this week. He never actually answered my question about how often he wants to email. He just asked to start over. So I don’t actually know if I’m going to hear from him. But either way, it doesn’t feel as big to me anymore. I don’t check my email all the time looking to see if he emailed. I don’t wonder if each new message is him (though it helps that he skips my inbox so I know for a fact if it’s in my inbox it isn’t him). I don’t really care right now. I’m sure I’ll go back to caring eventually. And I know it makes me sound cold. But for right now, I’m enjoying the not caring part. Maybe things can get to a “normal” place now. It would be nice…
beach sun tanning, coconut oil and american flag towel party
The Bosque In Winter
Although.
I wasn't there so I can only convey bits and pieces without much timeline accuracy, but I know that she continued throwing up many, many times throughout the night... 30 or so was a guess. She had intense chest, arm and back pain and it was hard to breathe.
In Fatigues, made for what is her first solo exhibition in France, she films her own images and confirms the experimental dimension of her work. This exploration of her photography in its dialogue with the exhibition context continues throughout the Jeu de Paume as she mixes formats, media and series, making the most of the natural lighting and the views of the Tuileries gardens.
It is going to be a very simple ceremony.
So, that's my view on religion and heaven. I thought I would water it down a little. Wouldn’t want to be controversial or anything.
“unchanged to previous positions” – if decided, then philosophical
I've never failed to get at least the rated miles out of a set of Michelins, so I'm going back to them.
7: It is well-known that the circle of signs is split by two diameters. One is the line from equinox to equinox. The other is the line from solstice to solstice.
Orchid Opulence Card Stock (retired)
Italian
Supplements
Lastly, here’s one of the best comments I’ve seen in response to those who say, “It’s just a joke, and it’s fun.”
So, have you changed your mind?
When we got started on our project today, my Nana said, “You know… there’s this company called Motts…” which of course the Camp Guy thought was terribly funny! I have to tell you, though, with no ill will to Motts, they never had so much entertainment in the kitchen as we do!
1 swing
- Slides will NOT be accepted
“Run far, far away,”
In July the Prime Minister announced a two-part inquiry, led by Lord Justice Leveson, investigating the role of the press and the police in the phone-hacking scandal that emerged last summer. Leveson has since suggested that police officers should write down all meetings they have with journalists in a notebook that will be audited. He has also advised officers not to talk with journalists outside of work.
Ehrenhalt shows us how the commercial canyons of lower Manhattan are becoming residential neighborhoods, and how mass transit has revitalized inner-city communities in Chicago and Brooklyn. He explains why car-dominated cities like Phoenix and Charlotte have sought to build twenty-first-century downtowns from scratch, while sprawling postwar suburbs are seeking to attract young people with their own form of urbanized experience.
Her newspaper caused an immediate stir locally and nationally. It was customary at the time for editors to exchange complimentary copies with other papers, even rival papers. This provided plenty of canon-fodder for papers of differing opinions to attack one another. Ms Swisshelm describes the response to her first issue:
in life maps
Add to the pot: 1 cup roughly cut onion (I used the pre-cut from the grocery store), 4 smashed garlic cloves, 6 whole peppercorns, 1 bay leaf, 1 sprig fresh rosemary (or 1/2 teaspoon dried), 1 celery rib (torn in 4 pieces), 8 pre-cleaned carrot pieces.
“Whatever that is,” said Hank, “it can’t be good.”
So in short, there was a lot of beer and fun to be had. I will definitely try to get tickets to this next year!
Lime Green. Every girl needed to have an item of clothing in lime green. Whether it be slippers, a t shirt, a bracelet, or a hat… We needed it. Speaking of lime green, neons are currently making a huge comeback and I might just dig into my 90s gear to sport it. Thoughts?
o Child pornography
On day two the designers arrived, we had introductions to everyone and their work, and then mixed into groups and given the 1/2 hour jam jar challenge by Charlie. Make something contemporary with greenwood, utilizing a jam jar!
The talented author-illustrator's latest creation is There Goes Ted Williams: The Greatest Hitter Who Ever Lived (Candlewick Press). I'm thankful to Matt, who agreed to share his own history as a fan and occasional collector.
it's so dark between the lights
The Dynamite House -- which Grandpa repeatedly warned the children to never go near to -- was an amazing relic of an amazing debacle of engineering and fairly high finance. It stood, a little unpainted structure with door ajar, a few yards from the Tin Pot road a quarter mile or so
I’m undecided on how to answer this question as its a bit complicated. Yes, my mother has always supported my writing and has saved every award I’ve ever received both as a child and adult. Recognition for my books from Who’s Who and several other notables. The hard one to answer is again, yes, but no when it comes to my husband, Eric. He tells me to “write what you want, with restrictions.” meaning it’s in his best interest if I refrain from writing about his ex-wife or anything to do with that aspect of his life, despite how it’s affected me or how it’s impacted my life including writing fictional books that his ex-wife is convinced are written about her, which could not be further from the truth.
C.D: Have you ever had a life-changing event - if so what was it?
I get dirtied, in thought, in heart, in hope
Boulder Beer / Wilderness Pub Singletrack Copper Ale
And, if you are thinking “dull selection”, what beer of around 4% ABV would you suggest a “community” pub putting cask beer on for the first time in years should go for?
My nails aren't manicured. My clothes are a mess. My roots are showing. I have twenty pounds of laundry on my bed waiting to be folded.
Mendy, as much as I, found this almost too good to be true and a bit hard to believe, even though all sorts of wonderful beings show up in her office all the time. As she said later, though, she has a great deal of experience with this stuff and she feels confident of being able to sniff out a fraud. Stephen did not appear to be a fraud, not to either of us. I had a feeling of the sublime, no sense of anything that might raise an alarm.
The founding Board consisted of:
The meal was "a triumph, Doug, though the turkey may have been a little overdone". Dinner entertainment was provided by some musical crackers we'd bought. In each cracker was a numbered whistle, eight in total. As conductor, I had a baton and notation for whistled carols. Not having enough people for all eight whistles, each person got two whistles each, which didn't bode well. The First Noel (321345 678765) was, quite frankly, a car crash, not helped by Emily putting near enough the whole whistle in her mouth so that her 5 and 6 notes were inaudible. She then proceeded to laugh so infectiously, no-one was able to purse their lips to make any useful noise at all. Deck the Halls was a tad too fast in the la-la-la bits but we had far more success with a sedate rendition of Jingle Bells possibly because there were none of George's 7s and 8s and lots of Rory's 3s. As Rory was the only one able to produce a pleasant sound from the whistle, I tried to choose songs with plenty of 3s and 4s in them. O Come All Ye Faithful was so painful, I'd
Pinterest is a visual social networking site. Members "pin" images or even videos to their pin boards. Membership is free, so you might as well check it out. And, like everything else, there is an app for that.
Back then, when things with God seemed so clear…so simple. Now it’s full of confusion. I don’t know which road to take…
As we lift Jesus up in our lives and accept Him as our Savior, the sweet savor of His sacrifice is lifted up to God. In this God is pleased as he writes our names into the Lamb’s Book of Life, showing us that He is pleased with the sweet aroma of grace. We are the fragrance of Christ. In Him we have our gifts, grace, and comfort. He is the good news which we proclaim to the world. The sweet aroma and fragrance of the sweet presence of Christ in our hearts is made possible by His blood, righteousness, sacrifice, and grace. It is as we find ourselves basking in His glory; forgiven by His blood; that our lives reflect the gift of God in Christ Jesus and we become a sweet fragrance to God. In this we are grateful and well pleasing to the Lord, as we show forth His glory and honor, proclaiming salvation to the world, comfort to hurting and lost and victory to the enemy.
Though I sometimes have to wonder about the state of mind of some of my readers and listeners. One of my myriad, enthusiastic fans recently e-mailed me to say:
1. If you were forced to change the name of your blog what would you change it to?
Like what people will think about my decisions. Like what people will think about OUR decisions. I have people in my life that can be judgmental and don't necessarily think letting things just "happen" is the way approach certain life decisions.
Option B: $50 (four Brownies) + shipping fee $20
Life in Malta was so different – good sleep, good food, good friends, time to wander the streets, sit and look at the view, walk on the sand, time for me, time for others and time for God. There was time for me to engage with my spirit, to start to learn to really listen to what is going on inside me, rather than just ignoring and hoping it was all ok. It helped me find rhythm in my life again.
I've also danced with people that have looked at me crazy when I asked them how their day was going.
And lives blaze with a sudden inner flame
But I've known this. In my head.
Preheat oven @ 180C and grease 9 x 9 in square pan.
There’s only flesh and bones in the ground, where my troubles will stay
and my pocket watch, oh how much I love it, only out line for now but she is soooo pretty and much better than I could have hoped for. Totally in love with my new Artists work that's for sure!
going down to the forest
Have a great day chicks!
Well, reader–I, for one, am offended by your blatant disregard for potheads’ cultural customs. Regardless, cats aren’t even “smarter” than dogs (thanks for including sources for your information).
Back to that last test. Fulton called into the squad and then not used, was a failing of a massive proportion. I fail to see how he could have been called in, if they were thinking about using McCullum in the position he played all along. I would have rather seen us loose with a solid squad and players in the correct position, than what looked like a patch up job.
17. Beyonce - 4
When the Chipmunks meet the Chipettes, they gain crushes on their counterparts, but are soon forced to have a rivalry after discovering that they are with Ian. The Chipmunks and the Chipettes compete against each other in the Battle of the Bands. During lunchtime, Alvin meets up with Brittany, sharing a slight romantic moment with her until he warns her about Ian’s past. Not believing him, Brittany leaves. Soon after, Alvin helps the school to win in a football game.
The licensor, except as noted below, usually bears responsibility for the cost of filing, prosecuting and maintaining licensed patents. This includes future patent applications if improvements are included in the agreement.
With aprons on the kids were "let loose" and made some cupcake masterpieces.
3. There’s a world out there. I remember from back in the day that you wanted to travel and live overseas. I was always confused that Little Country Suburb was in your plan, and now I realise that it wasn’t.
None of these three notices, however, amount to Falun Gong being banned by the Chinese government.
It's Election day in many parts of the United States. I got up early this morning and voted in the Missouri Primaries and ballot initiatives.
But for beginners, I think there are 'friendlier' books out there that concentrate on more down-to-earth looks (that you can't go wrong with!). Like Jemma Kidd's Make-up Masterclass or any of Bobbi Brown's books.
ginger garlic paste 1 tsp
With a major film releasing every week or fortnight, Bollywood fans have something to look forward to. Theatres are still running to packed houses, with no dearth in movie buffs. At the same time, the stadiums too are full, depending on the teams playing. It seems like this year, there’s no confusion amongst the fans – they are having the best of both worlds!
Jennifer obviously did well, with Graham saying that it wasn’t in the top, but it was far from the bottom. Christian’s catfish crust was “perfection”, according to Gordon, and Guiseppe gets a thumbs up in spite of having been worried about cooking southern food. Derrick, though, in spite of testing various fry methods on his fish, wound up with a coating on the fish that was heavy and falling off, and a slaw that Graham called “horrible”. Gordon said the coating on the catfish was like skin. What’s with the skin thing? I’m still not over Max’s skin flap cake.
· They consider themselves the “Defenders of the Faith”
In addition to one of these all-new colossals for every faction, WARMACHINE: Colossals features new warcasters representing the third incarnations of some of the Iron Kingdoms’ most iconic characters, plus fully compiled and updated Unbound rules, providing enhanced gameplay opportunities for large-scale games of 150 points or more.
-side salad
If you weren't a winner....here's another chance to win some Digistamps 4 Joy images! Welcome to our first challenge on our new blog and the theme is...an Attitude of Gratitude. We'd like to you create a papercraft project (it doesn't have to be a card) that expresses an attitude of gratitude - show us some heartfelt sentiments, too! Your creation can be for any occasion, as long as it's a thank you.
Its hectic the sites you see there
The new iPad with a resolutionary screen and a faster processor is a great product, an amazing tablet for everyone. Those who don’t have it yet are praising it the most but those who have it are reporting problems. Its been a week since Apple launched its new iPad and users are reporting overheating problems. Yes the iPad overheats. But not only that, there is another issue with this beautiful looking tablet (see i am praising it which means i DON’T have it), and its the connectivity problem.
Who’s she tryin to fool?
It's been a long week since the family trip to NH in the outdoors of New England with Scott and Holly and Chace just enjoying each other and all that is great about New England in the summer….Storyland, outdoors, and ice cream. I had intended to upload some ice cream pics as we enjoyed it but wherever we were service was spotty so now i get to showcase it all and more.
A Choker is a close-fitting necklace worn high on the neck. This type of jewelry can consist of one or more bands circling the neck.
The ICD's provincial spokesperson, Dan Morema, says they have recommended that the five police officers be punished.
The only way to repel this probe successfully is to make it very, very expensive for the people who launched it. Only a painful result will discourage more of the same behavior later on, in other contexts.
In 2009, Farmers raised its rates, and Travelers was about 30 percent less, so I switched, but my lender took it upon itself to pay Farmers in September and made me ask Farmers to issue me a refund, which Farmers did promptly. I asked my lender to pay Travelers, which it did, and I signed over the refund check from Farmers to my escrow account, but my lender lost the check, and then had the audacity to raise my monthly escrow because it was too low, due to its mistake! No joke!
But at daybreak on the first day of the week they took the spices they had prepared and went to the tomb. They found the stone rolled away from the tomb; but when
Zoetrope has sections for novel-writing, short fiction, screenwriting, and all sorts. It has a slightly confusing system of public message boards with a subculture of private rooms, which any of its members can set up and invite people to join; it's well thought-of, and has a reputation for producing excellent writers through strong criticism and robust comment. I have taken part, but found the system of private rooms (where most of the action goes on) made it a little too scattered and time-consuming for my liking.
I used a piece from the Kraft Resist pad as the background and stamped the blue rays first, then stencilled the stars on top. I love how the glazed letters and words on the cardstock aren't affected by the ink and show through strongly. I stamped the tire tread from Tim's Road Trip stamp set onto white card with Shabby Shutters Distress Ink and then stamped the words on top in black. I cut it out and mounted it onto black card. The route 66 shield was stamped on white card and cut out, then I applied walnut stain ink to the main panel to create a shadow where the shield was going to go and stuck it in place. I edged the whole panel with walnut stain and matted it onto black card. Finally I fixed the route 66 in place.
Ye Gods!
Add 1 cup of the milk and keep it simmering for next 10-12 min stirring it frequently else the milk will curdle. You can also a tbsp. of Besan ( gram flour ) to the milk to make sure it doesn’t curdle if it’s not fresh enough. Fresh milk wont curdle if is mixed properly at low flame and not at a boiling temperature.
When to shoot
Host: Savannah Guthrie and Joe Scarborough
Another student: Juliet Sharman (Maybe in preparation, like for practice, but I don’t think that’s what they’re talking about in the book.)
Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in a large skillet. Sauté onion, poblano pepper and mushrooms until tender, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and sauté another minute. Transfer to a bowl.
Eruptions like a volcano
We don't come alone
Replacing negative habits with techniques your prospects view as collaborative will increase your sales. Interestingly, your competitors won’t recognize that your sales process has changed.
The violence prompted the MPAA to revamp its ratings system a couple moths after the film’s release. The revamp lead to the Pg-13 rating, which is an effort to keep kids from seeing unusually violent material. It has worked out really well for them over the years.
Stan Lee created the soap opera superhero comic where characters evolved and storylines continued from one issue to another and characters occupied a shared universe. The fact that he wrote so many books led to a greater reliance on the storytelling skills of the artists. Stan Lee would recount a basic plot to his collaborators who would then draw the entire issue from his outline and Stan would return to add dialogue to match the pictures.
Sunday I set off to do what I had come to do. Mountain bike. WNC (Western North Carolina) is the best place to mountain bike on the East Coast, and Bent Creek has some of the most extensive trail network there. I rented a 29er (a black Trek Mamba) as this was my first time since NZ riding on really good (read dangerous) trails, and so wanted to a least weakly attempt an image of control. I won’t go through the rough dusty details of that day, but it combined some of the most grueling uphills with the most jaw-rattling wrist jarring downhills, over rocks roots and huge banked turns. I met an awesome journeyman from Chicago who said he spent his years out of school taking whatever jobs all over the country. He had to take a break from mountain biking after a number of broken ribs. He directed me to Green Slick at the top of the small mountain warning me (nay tempting) with the fact that EMTs had evacuated 12 people the year before with serious injuries. It was doppppppeeee!! Some of the craziest 10 minutes of my life. A Ridiculous pl
or "Hey, I am running late."
*You can also use plums, peaches, nectarines or apricots or a combination, in which case wash the fruit, remove stones if possible and arrange cut side down in the pastry case. Apples and pears should be peeled, cored and cut into thick wedges, which look nice arranged in overlapping circles. Gooseberries should be top and tailed and washed so take a bit longer to prepare. You could sprinkle a few sliced almonds on top before baking, or add a little cinnamon to the mixture. Anything seems to work with this recipe so use your imagination !
Here is my #4 card. I again, used French Roast card stock. the inks are Fern, orange, papaya and lichen. The 2 flowers were just some I had laying around. The pattern paper is one and the color is.....AUG can you believe I can't remember the color pattern - I should be spanked LOL
Although it made front-page headlines in the UK and America, two impending by-elections overshadowed coverage of The Beatles’ demise in Ireland.
If Bob and I visit a 19th century palace of the former Baron Von So-and-So, I find myself wise-cracking, “Hey, check out the crib.” If we’re ushered reverently into some rococo tomb of Great King Austerbottom, I’ll whisper to Bob: So, like, what was up with this guy? And if I see a picture of Prince Charles? I can’t help it. “Hey, look,” I’ll grin. “It’s Chuckie!”
I hate working out, and, as I just said, I am not nor do I have a desire to be an athlete. But I cannot fully describe the joy that Taekwondo brought to my life. I have noted before, at least to Anthony, that I notice a significant difference in my happiness when I have TKD in my life, versus when I don’t. Yesterday I was feeling utterly shitty, walked home, grabbed workout clothes, walked all the way back to work and practiced my forms, and I felt better.
I made the greeting pin myself by attaching beads onto a piece of gold wire and stamping and embossing, with gold embossing powder, the greeting onto a piece of the mirror-effect blue paper, wrapping it around the pin and glueing it and trimming the edge to a pennant shape. I attached the pin using silicone glue.
In colander, drain zucchini, squeezing to remove excess liquid. Combine zucc, carrot, potatoes, peas, & corn in bowl. Stir in eggs, flour, cheese, and seasonings. Mix well. Drop batter by ¼ cup-fulls onto greased George Foreman at medium heat, press lightly to flatten, fry until golden brown, about 5-8 min. Serve warm.
Since returning home from the writer’s conference, my mind has been muddled with everything I learned, and I have accomplished little to put the ideas into action. Yesterday I read a blog, “Live Uncaged,” by Mary DeMuth, a Christian author and speaker that I met at the conference, titled: “5 Ways to Rejuvenate Today.” To “uncage” your life, she suggests: (1) Set aside a day each week to rest; (2) Cultivate spiritual disciplines through silence and solitude; (3) Indulge in a life-giving hobby; (4) Invest in quarterly retreats; and (5) Hang out with friends who are outside of your work responsibilities.
But wait… there's more: Post your OWN journal cover by Friday, May 4 at the eP blog, and you might be one of two guest artists chosen to join us for next month's challenge. We're so excited to see what you create!
The sudden news of me no longer being here, could you handle the grief?
On another note this will be my last posting with One Powerful Hour for a while, it's time to move on to some other projects I would like to work on. I would like to thank you all for joining with us on my challenges I have really enjoyed the experience and I hope you have also. I want to thank Caroline for giving me the chance to work with her - Caroline your work is really wonderful, you are a very talented artist and I wish you all the best in your future. I know we will keep in touch!! Continue to always be creative.
Just so you know.
Maybe some of you have already tried online dating, but if not, you might have ideas about what it's like.
Keep extra leashes by the door so you save time making an exit.
Homemade Caramels
And everyone grew quiet,
Attacks: 2 Claws @ 10 each or
‘I never wore jewellery. I had a friend who was attacked and they just went kerchup! with the blade when the ring wouldn’t come off first time. I’ve had friends shot in the head, abducted, ransomed, dumped in the bush, stabbed. Ach – it’s not good. Not good at all. The last straw was the beach house getting ransacked. I barely escaped with my life. So next thing you know I’m standing at Heathrow with one suitcase and one dog. It was like getting mugged all over again, the exchange rate was
First lets put them in context and go back in time to 1995. So come with me dear reader, here take my hand and let's do that swishy thing with your hands and make a sound effect noise.
When I popped the top on the bottle of Bell's 25th Anniversary Ale, I had no idea what to expect. It had been only a week since I made a phone call to Gomer's North to secure my 6-pack, after reading about it's release on KC Beer Blog. Then, I purposely avoided doing any research on the beer. I wanted my first impression to be untainted by any hype or prejudice.
On the way to Half Moon Bay, Joe called three times along the way, claiming he was leaving soon and wondering if we wanted to meet at the Ritz Carlton for drinks when they got there. He called again in a few minutes and said they were stuck in traffic and he would meet us at the hotel. We pulled in and this hotel is ultra fancy you guys, over the top. We decided to kill some time by walking by the beach and taking some pictures. (I thought this was my idea but I guess not...)
On one of our walks, Sami discovered a Turtle. Richard suggested that we have a section on the blog which focuses on "Sami's Adventures". I think he could be having plenty here.
You can find other sellers having a sale by visiting the linky party below.
It took a fair bit of manoeuvering to get the chest into our workshop, and a lot of rearranging of our existing furniture (this plan chest is massive) but now it’s nicely nestled in the corner of our studio and gives me another vast cutting desk for measuring out fabric and cutting patterns on.
The dinner and bedtime hours are when children fold back into their tiny, young selves. They are fragile and open; peeling back the layers of their day. They disclose their hidden concerns, burst into tears readily and want to be held in your arms. By the time they are asleep in their beds they resemble themselves as babies.
The key components are as follows:
break through now, on this front, or lose its opportunity for the
What a relief! It’s not my job anymore to fix him. It never was my job, though I certainly did make it mine. Whether he believes in God, as I do, or not, God still love him, and watches him, and any of his behavior falls into God’s providence, not mine. Oh, thank God! I can truly let go now and hopefully forgive! Amen to that!
He opens his eyes. What appears to his gaze is something he seems to have seen already, every day: streets full of people, hurrying, elbowing their way ahead, without looking one another in the face, among high walls, sharp and peeling. In the background, the starry sky scatters intermittent flashes like a stalled mechanism, which jerks and creaks in all its unoiled joints, outposts of an endangered universe, twisted, restless as he is.
Rylee was given her second set of braces this month. (The first ones did not work well for her). I called her orthopedic doctor and requested he review her file and see if she was a good candidate for AFOs. He let me know that she was and that we could make the appointment to get fitted for them. This month we were able to pick them up.
3/4 teaspoons oregano
127. “Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.” ~Winston Churchill
“A History of Islamic Legal Theories,” Wael B. Hallaq. Cambridge University Press 1997 (2008).
‘Pay attention to this,’ said his father. ‘You might learn something.’
While I cower in the shadow
Oettinger Schwarzbier is properly schwarz, with just traces of oakey-brown highlights. It's a delicate old thing really, being a little reticent in giving up its aromas (to be fair, it was probably served far too cold) but it does suggest a touch of cherry and chocolate. Wasn't expecting that!
Eaux Bonnes: "It is said to produce excellent results in clergyman's sore throat"
Favorite actor/actress: That’s a tough one. Megan Fox.
Everyone hurried to their seats. Scrunge's shaking hands couldn't do up his seat-belt. Stupid Trils. It was all very well for Murg, telling him off when he referred to off-worlders as Trils, but they didn't do much to earn his respect.
1/2 cup natural sugar
Mendocino Imperial Lager
Analyses of autism rate data published by SCPI identify 3 clear change points in U.S. autism disorder trends: 1981, 1988 and 1995, all of which the groups claims roughly correlate with the use of vaccines (Meruvax, MMRII, and Chickenpox) that were cultivated with the use of tissue from aborted children. The group says that it has been unable to identify any other factor that might correlate to the change in autism rates.
My Great-Grandfather, Samuel Berger emigrated to San Francisco in 1904 from Bucharest, Romania, where he learned his trade as a second generation wood carver. I was fortunate enough to have known him; he died in 1970 when I was ten years old. He was the sweetest, most humble man.
Eric Gordon, editor of the Camden New Journal spoke about alternative models of ownership and Barry Fitzpatrick, head of publishing for the NUJ also spoke about how newspapers change hands and the need for investment if regionals are to provide in-depth quality news coverage.
Usually putting hilariously over the top Italian zombie exploitation movies on for Starkwell and Lovelock to enjoy produces mixed results. Hilarity always ensues, but reactions vary. Well now, let’s add JOHN SAXON to the mix and see what happens with this promising 1980 film, “Cannibal Apocalypse”.
So, now that I'm able to smile without pain, eat soft food and be out of the house, I'm too busy doing all of the above to really have a good conversation with 'you', my imaginary friend.
There are plenty of sophisticated ideas out there: end corporate personhood; institute a “Tobin Tax” on stock purchases and currency trading; nationalise banks; socialise medicine; fully fund government jobs and genuine Keynesian stimulus; lift restrictions on labour organising; allow cities to turn foreclosed homes into public housing; build a green energy infrastructure.
It is for this reason that a lot of attention is focused right now on the prophecies foretold by the Elders of the Maya; their calendar which began in 3113BC comes full cycle on that date.
And that, of course, is what God requires of us—relationship with Him. If we claim to have relationship with Him but fail to spend time in His presence—well, maybe it’s time for a heart check to see if we really are born again. Do our hearts yearn to be in His presence? Do we miss Him when we’re away? Do we long to please Him and do His will, to hear Him say, “Well done, good and faithful servant,” not because we’ve done anything so wonderful but because He has allowed us to partner with Him and serve in His name?
All of the sudden her solitary life is completely disrupted when he brother because the prime suspect in a horrendous murder. Her life is turned upside down as she has to deal with issues from her past, trying to cope in the present and not even thinking about the future.
Elyse can do no wrong! You would think, with her being the sarcastic, hipstery type that she wouldnt be able to do this, but she nailed it. She was seriously gorgeous and her lines flowed perfectly, but I really doubt her sincerety, and it kind of showed.
A plan to prevent racist violence from erupting when Poland and Ukraine host the 2012 European Football Championship, by a writer who’s a member of FIFA, the sport’s governing body.
Straining my eyes to search for that one dark cloud
And it isn’t even halloween!
Update: Carnegie had successful surgery on his knee in December and is almost fully recovered already.
Delphine Girardin
Video: "Wild Angel" by Martina McBride on Early Edition
Four bombs planted in rubbish bins exploded in the Ukrainian city of Dnipropetrovsk on Friday at short intervals, injuring up to 14 people, authorities said.
That breaks the veldt around;
Baby bring the whip around.
Patricia Crisafulli is a writer and published author of two non-fiction
Finally, I went to SFWA GriefCom. You may not have heard much about this committee; when GriefCom mediates a dispute, the parties involved maintain a strict nondisclosure; no one's dirty laundry is aired. And because they see a high level of success, that means you see very little dirty laundry and very little about GriefCom.
The census of 1870 shows Jesse, Nancy, and Jesse’s daughter, Mary, living in the household of Nancy’s younger brother, Monroe Corbitt. Monroe was also a Confederate veteran having served as a sergeant in Company H, 29th Georgia Regiment, and he had managed to retain a farm even through the war years. The Corbitt farm was in the 1148 Georgia Militia District of Berrien County. Jesse worked as a farm laborer, while Nancy and Mary assisted with housekeeping and domestic chores.
I've purchased items from Bejool and I assure you, the quality is superb.
"About 80%. I like pork chops".
Ambrose Bierce – The Damned Thing
I then find myself standing beside the canal. I’m looking in whilst looking out. I’ve followed a path that runs alongside this watery haven; it’s overgrown in places with weeds and trees, nettles fighting for dominance whilst brambles strangle the life out of the small pockets of colour. I feel like I need to contemplate the mysteries of the universe, but manage to change me mind, there’s no need for that now, it’s a nice day after all. Passers-by give me a wide birth. I don’t look right, don’t look together.
And over Li Chiang, the snow range is turquoise Rock’s world that he saved us for memory a thin trace in high air
...particularly as we lose teeth and there's nothing to push them outwards anymore. And we lose that baby fat that made our cheeks so chubby. We can begin to look gaunt, with our cheeks sucking in instead of expanding out like they did when we were younger. They can sink in so far that you can see the cheekbones and other planes of the skull underneath.
Here’s a three-step recipe for how to destroy education. It maps perfectly to how to make a prodigious profit by privatizing it. It is the essential game plan of the big money boys.
The Justin Bieber video has only 32% likes, however, and the Kony video has 94% likes, but adding comments is disabled on the latter video.
Pierre Le Flanne breathed in the crisp morning air. Taking off in the dawn light was invigorating as ever. Today was unusual as for the first time he flew in a mixed Entente formation. The British losses had been so crippling recently that the RFC had appealed for French assistance. To answer this call a flight of Nieuport 17's had arrived at a ramshackle Flemish field and were now heading to meet their reciprocal Boche "Dawn Patrol". Pierre's N17 took starboard station off a RNAS Sopwith Pup (See below: Note ignore the extra wing in the photo below, we "imagine" when we don't have the exact 'match' in planes)
Stand Out Dream Sequence: Again, this is one of those films where we can argue that the whole film is one long dream sequence (or not?) but one of my favorite scenes is the one where Donnie falls asleep in a movie theater while watching The Evil Dead and he ends up having a conversation with Frank, the man wearing the bunny suit. Donnie asks the man: “Why do you wear that stupid bunny suit?” and the man asks Donnie: “Why are you wearing that stupid man suit?” Then, a black hole forms on the screen of the movie theater!
CE Easter Celebration
Others (such as Ellis Cose) think that those who don’t have a certain definition of “fair share” are irrational (but Cose is oblivious to the fact that “the rich should pay their fair share” is an irrational argument since “fair share” is subjective):
Curt Leskanic - 5 votes = 4 points
PNHR’s engagement process is focused on you and your business needs. This consultative approach, known as our Exact Fit Program, details from start to finish how our staffing firm selects the perfect candidate for your organization.
Margaret Ronald does a fine job writing the story but the plot didn’t capture me the way the first book did. I put it down a few times and didn’t really mind the gap. I’m not sure why I liked this book less since the writing is still of the same quality, but I just didn’t. Maybe it’s what she’s doing with Nate, maybe the plot wasn’t as interesting, maybe my expectations were too high…in any case, it’s still a good book but not one I’ll rave about. Sadness.
It is hard to deal with
# Connection closed by foreign host.
Ruth xx
HOLLLLLYYYYY ILLLLLLLLNNNNESSSSSS YA'LL. Ugh. Did you miss me? I've been face down in bed for a few days. It turns out I have strep. And it turns out that strep is like death climbing into your body and turning it inside out. I always thought it was like, a really bad sore throat. Ahaha. No. I got a big shot of antibiotics in my behind though, and I'm hoping I'll feel more like a human soon. And holy crap, let me tell you, that shot is no joke. I can still feel 24 hours later. Woof.
I am tired, too, after a couple of weeks of late finishes and early starts.
This cushions will all go to my online-shop, but you might also send me an email, when interested in sizes and prices. And I will make much more!
Two days later I cooked paella with Loli, something I had wanted to do ever since arriving in Spain. Paella is one of Spain’s signature dishes and therefore learning how to make paella was a must. Several weeks earlier my friend Shannon and I made torrijas in Loli’s kitchen with her permission as part of a class project and as a cultural experience. Torrijas are a Spanish version of French toast, consisting of fried bread soaked in honey and drizzled with cinnamon sugar. The most appropriate way to describe cooking torrijas was that there were three chefs in a very small kitchen. Nonetheless it was fun to try making a very Spanish dish which involved deep frying, a manner of cooking that I’m not accustomed to.
Here, the weather has been PERFECT and today we spent a good bit of time at the beach (as you can see from the photo). It was incredible! A little windy and cool in the shade, but Daniel even went swimming. It felt like vacation. We even had a big group of dolphins (including at least two babies) come by and put on a show for us. They were jumping and playing and splashing around right in front of Daniel when he was in the water. One of those perfect moments, you know?
There has been a steady growth of studies in rock and other popular music in the Nordic countries since the seventies.
Inspiration is all around – It’s there – It’s You.
Having a credit card takes a lot of management, because if you don’t pay them on time each month, you’ll get charged fees and end up with higher interest rates. That is why this is only recommended to those that can manage their payments on time and understand what the consequences are if you don’t.
2. HOW DID YOU GUYS MEET?
05. Big Blue Plymouth ( continue )
When cooled, shred chicken either using clean fingers (I find this to be the easiest option) or two forks.
Citrus salt, Italian salt and Moroccan salt. I just bought rock salt and added different herbs and spice combinations. The Moroccan one has coriander (cilantro) cumin, chilli flakes, black pepper corns, and the Italian has chilli flakes, oregano, onions flakes and garlic flakes and black pepper corns. The Citrus is just the zest of two lemons dried in the microwave and added to the rock salt then ground in my little electric grinder.
BMW will bring the globally successful (275,000 units sold so far) X1 to the US in the fall of 2012. Unlike other BMW SAVs, X1s destined for the US will be built in BMW’s Leipzig, Germany plant. The popularity of the X1 around the globe has been such that X1s for the Chinese market will now be built in a newly opened plant at Tiexi in Shenyang Province.
The quilt I finished is the Water quilt.
on a sweet new beach pad in
Dumb cliches work with young people because pop culture is always evolving (perhaps devolving is a more accurate word) so there are new images to work with all the time. But the cliches we've developed for old farts haven't changed at all. We need a new visual language.
But that isn’t difficult to achieve – it just requires putting in some effort. if you contact an organization like HARO ( help a reporter out) or one of the many other sites ( google something like ‘find an expert in home decorating’) they can match you up with an expert in your field in the country you need.
If true, that could be a CBS game, one would think. Thank goodness it’s a little cooler by then.
It's time to play Halloween dress-up with your babies, but don't forget to make the costumes extra pretty with the No Slippy Hair Clippy clip of the month – the Abby baby bow.
4 – Point out the mistakes of othersPeople need to be aware of their failures or they’ll never be able to change. So, keep an eye out for others’ missteps or mishaps and then leak the word to the rest of your employees or volunteers. Be specific and stern. Don’t give the person a chance to explain his actions since that’s usually just a way of denial or shirking responsibility. It’s even more beneficial to make the shortcomings of others public, so that other people in the organization can keep them in line.
In iCan’t Take It, an unlikely partnership is forged with one common goal. Gibby and Mrs. Benson team up to break Seddie up.
...and her cute room! i love the artwork over the bed, which reminds me of a yellow/white grouping of paintings that are sold at pieces, here in atlanta. very cool. and how cute is her dog on his matching bed?
The two of them never spoke.
His name is Fergus Dudley and his email address is fergus.dudley@bbc.co.uk He's on Twitter as @FergusDudley, though he appears not to have tweeted for quite some time.
Pastel-colored cable knit sweater tied around line-backer shoulders woman: Because people aren't from New Foundland. It's a dog!
That's not all I didn't do. This year I didn't write cards. I didn't make cookies with my best friend and sing songs with family. I didn't make a giant dinner with them, eat too much, and watch "White Christmas" while everyone chatted over coffee. I didn't stare at my cousins, and note how their faces have changed/grown. I didn't go to the mountains and stare out at the white peaks, hot chocolate in-hand. These are just a few of my traditions that define the holidays. Love. Friends. Family. Memories.
Oh yeah – The less said about Microsoft selling “$99″ Xbox 360/Kinect bundles the better, but here goes. Sure, treat your console like a cell phone, lower the price point to one where a new user going in blind will JUMP out the nearest window and run to their favorite game shop to snap one up. That’s the good part for both parties… at first. But it’s when you stop and think for a minute that this idea is lousy and worth shooting down fast.
FREE folded card for Dad!
I said it weeks ago I think in a comment on another blog: The problems of the Euro zone, far from being an opportunity for our government to renegotiate powers back to the UK, will instead be used by those pushing for further integration to force us to meld into the mire across the channel.
The Islamic principles of Hijaab include protecting the dignity of women and saving her beauty for her husband – not for every hot-blooded guy in the vicinity. I think it’s great that more Muslimah are wearing the hijaab but which do you think is better? Wearing hijaab and loose clothing that does not reveal the shape of a woman? Or wearing hijaab and tight clothing, such as leggings, which reveals the shape (and which attracts a man’s attention)?
My wife commented during the Typhoon a couple of weeks ago, "Why is it that people always get washed away during typhoons?" The sad fact is that of those who have been lost over the last two days, the majority have been men in their 50's to 80's. It is not only sad because of the loss of life, but also because they perhaps should have known better.
But we can’t.
He also ignores that the most ferocious enemies of change were not to be found anywhere in the West in the 20th century but rather in the Communist countries (Brahm, 1982). Stalin, Brezhnev and Li Peng were the great enemies of change and defenders of their status quo for their peoples in the 20th century. So Communists are Rightists and Margaret Thatcher is a Leftist according to Altemeyer's naive definitions.
8 weeks ago, this house was scrubbed and empty. The carpets were professionally cleaned, the baseboards were hand washed and a vacuumed every corner. Mostly, at the time I saw dead ants and spiders. Nothing that concerned me. After the full shampoo (partially purchased to prevent pest problems!!), I used an entire giant container covering the garage as well as the entire house. What did I find? 2 dead roaches, endless dead spiders and a good number of still happy-go-lucky ants. No big deal – all was well.
Jose Tabata, Pirates
So this year I've decided to do some things different this year. I'm starting with 4 main goals at most. Plus I'll break them down into smaller "weekly" goals. I'll be more specific, instead of the always elusive "I want to lose weight," I'm stating, "I want to lose 25 lbs." Finally, the number one thing experts always say to help accomplish your goal is WRITE IT DOWN! After all, a goal is only a wish if it's not written down. Because I always want a cute reminder, too, I made this printable that you're welcome to use, too. Build a Better YOU in 2012!
Palm Springs- ride bikes, picnic in the grass, outdoor movie at the ace, skinny dip in the pool at night.
Many new network marketers make these three mistakes and are paying a great deal for their actions. Do everything to avoid making the same mistakes and plan your actions diligently.
Their driftin' tunes, seemed to fill the air
WAITT: Who Am I Talking To?
I’ll write it down.
91. Lady Chatterly's Lover: D.H. Lawrence +
I watercoloured the images using the Aqua Painter and Ink Pads from Stampin' Up! But you could just as easily colour with the blender pens or just use the markers themselves :o)
Nothing to think after,
What Jude tells us we need to do is ‘…wait for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ that leads to eternal life.’ What does Jude mean?
Nicole's ceremony was so beautiful. The service she and her husband planned was filled with elements of nature, spirituality, solemnity and humor. I had shivers through most of it. During the handfasting itself, I played the Irish song, "Give Me Your Hand." Sniff, sniff.
Grace To Carry is the real life story of me and my best friend, Joan, who died of colon cancer. We met by chance . . . she was bigger than life--outgoing, strong, but reluctant to trust. I was timid but trusted all who crossed my path. The journey through her cancer reversed our roles. She became trusting, and I gained strength beyond what I thought possible. What developed was the beautiful spirit of friendship; personal growth, and the strength to persevere through life's most challenging adversity . . . a lesson that's carried me long after her death.
When we walked the aisle
On their own, these Ayurvedic treatments will support your energy, but you should likewise address the root situation that is emptying your energy. In mixture with the right workout regimen, and even more importantly healthy digestion with the suitable diet regime, the health supplements can seriously enhance the lower energy, exhausted state you may locate your self in. The inherent nature of Ayurveda takes under consideration many aspects. Consuming correct, nutritional supplements and certain workout techniques in yoga, pranayama, and meditation can actually set you up on the path to a more gratifying way of life. Take these tips to heart, take into account adding the likes of Ashwagandha and Chyavanprash to your eating plan, and you will absolutely begin to find out a difference inside a quite short time frame. Deal with tiredness by ensuring your way of life and eating plan are in-line properly and make use of Ayurvedic herbal products that will help you.
I really like Krysten Ritter so I had to check this out.
"This is about justice. A crazy man who shot a kid who wasn't bothering anyone."
As many of you know, I love succulents, and the Philadelphia Flower Show is certainly a heaven for succulent lovers. I hardly know where to start trying to show you some of them. And... how many days of them do you want to see? After all, most of you may not find them nearly as fascinating as I do.
Pollution was the hot button topic, a prevalent problem for everybody and everywhere you looked, people trying to do something about it:
* If you aren't the one lining up the panel, confirming the speakers, prepping the panel, creating the content, writing the talking points, herding the participants, testing the A/V, editing the presentations, collecting all the materials, calling the hotel and reviewing catering, room set up, registration capacity and so on, don't ask why someone wants to end the day in blessed silence on the train (in the bar car) rather than inside a car with you back to the city.
9. Super Warp 5:03
Well, we’ll find out.
The Middle is the territory of the antagonists and the bulk of this character’s antagonism comes from her own mind. She can’t concentrate. She can’t meditate. She can’t let go of the past. She engages in useless longings.
*I am so glad that you are back to being a mostly happy student. I was so worried about you during 2nd grade, but you have come a long way and I love seeing you eager to go to school, happy about your school work, and excited about learning again.
So, with memories brought to the surface, I used my photo organizing software (acdsee) to pull up photos from our last visit to Casa Loma. We took our kids there in 2004, so that I could pass the thrill on to them, and they loved it! Going through the photos, though, I noticed a common problem because of the size of the building and the tall towers. Because you are shooting from ground level and looking up, the sides of the building appear to be bending inwards and the whole castle itself seems to be leaning backwards. According to a website I found, this is a common perspective problem called keystoning, and it’s caused by the building and the camera lens being on two different angles. This particular website gave step by step instructions on how to fix the problem, so I decided to give it a try. I have Photoshop CS5, but I only know the basics of photo editing, so this was a challenge for me. Here are the before and after photos of two shots. I know they are far from perfect, but this was just my first, very quick try, and I was
World domination or death! Yes thank you!"
From birth until life closes;
I know, I know, two posts in one day??? Well, I made it into the Writer's Voice competition!
Ring:: Kohl's
Hurry before stock runs out. To order or get a quote, pls email to easybaby88@gmail.com now
*Salt/Pepper/Cayenne to taste
Dickens must be balanced by something contemporary, so I thought Beauty Queens by Libba Bray, which has been recommended to me by several people.
1-1/2 Tsp Vanilla Essence
10:18 a.m. — Stirred oats in oven.
Pre-heat oven to 350 degrees or use toaster oven. Tear Whole Wheat Pita into chip-size pieces (do not double the pita...split apart so bread is thin) Spread pita slices across the surface of a non-stick baking sheet. Sprinkle pita slices with Diced Turkey, Diced Tomatoes, Diced Onions. Top with Parmesan Cheese and place 1 cube of Muenster Cheese on top of each individual pita slice. Sprinkle with Dried Red Pepper Flakes if desired. Place in pre-heated oven or toaster oven for 5 to 15 minutes. Bake until edges of pita slices are crispy and cheese is melted.
Any other tips you have? Please share!
I feel the anxiety of all of this bubble up in me, the warmth is going, the depression is coming at me at a million miles an hour.
That was enough to pique my interest. Wuhan is the third book in Hamilton’s Ava Lee series, which are currently being published two a year. I picked up last year’s debut of the series The Water Rat of Wanchai to see what all the fuss was about. With an ass-kicking main character, an intriguing conundrum to solve, and a setting that encompasses Toronto, Seattle, Hong Kong, Thailand, Guyana, and the British Virgin Islands, Water Rat is off to a good start.
Paddick was a member of the TSGs during his 30 year police career and ran the London TSG. He spoke about it on BBC’s Newsnight in 2009 in the wake of the Ian Tomlinson death, saying:
Que j'en ai vu, de ces saints-là !
Hand in hand the arid torpor of inaction will be our demise
Blessed Maria Gabriella Sagghedu, a Cistercian nun of Grottaferrata in Italy, died on April 23rd in 1939. Pope John Paul II beatified her in 1983. In his encyclical on Christian Unity, Ut Unum Sint, he presented her again to the whole Church as a model of “the total and unconditional offering of one’s life to the Father, through the Son, in the Holy Spirit.”
2 Moonlight Dancin' on the Bayou 5:08
The choice of images in the slides is curious. For Mississippi, we get a view of a lovely wooded area. For Georgia, we are offered a street scene of Atlanta, including the historic Fox Theater.
“We need to stand up for our rights,” IT said. “And that’s what I’m doing. I’m not doing anything for myself, as much as transsexuals who follow after me, trying to transition.”
Last fall he understood perfectly when getting himself ready for winter. Half a year later that is all gone.
What do you think a 6 year old boy would choose? Yep, he chose "zig zags" or chevron as the cool kids say.
they are spirit, and they are life.” Jesus knew His Words weren’t empty; He
All for nothing really.
Ugh. I'm turning TWENTY. Like, 20.
Last Sunday we went to the plant fair at Verneuil-sur-Indre, a small village between us and Loches. We've been having quite chilly and changeable weather lately but on Sunday, although it was a bit breezy, the sun blazed forth.
And the pain can last beyond the economic downturn, as the institute’s numbers show. It can takeyears for young workers to get their careers and earnings on track after graduation, leading some experts to dub young adults “the lost generation.”
Adding layers gives it depth and feathering and softening the veins is key to giving it a soft fogged feel. It just takes practice. I learned this technique in a weekend and have practiced it for years, but have taught several people who have tackled this like pros. Practice, Practice, Practice.
I propose he sits down for an hour with Stossal or the Judge and explain everything out right. But even that wouldn’t matter because all you have to do is look to the 10 books he’s written, the thousands of articles, and the countless hours of video on YouTube to know the truth.
but I wont read books about violence against woman
Check out this informative article, Overprotected Kids: How to Let Kids Take Risks. Boys especially need opportunities to take positive risks and opportunities to be responsible. A positive risk for a child could be as simple as holding a wiggly bug in their hands, climbing up a ladder to go down a slide, or cutting paper with scissors. A responsibility for a young child might be having them help prepare a meal and then carry a bowl full of food to the table.
At Happy Bhudda, the Chinese restaurant down the street from my hostel.
Chao, Ruth K. “Chinese and European American Mothers’ Beliefs About the Role of
This is evil writ large.
5/17- PCW Politics is War on P-SPAN
extra strings, tuning wrenches, etc.
Tober
http://pburt.wordpress.com/The random.org gods have spoken and the winner of the Book Blogger Convention Swag giveaway is PB from Reflections from the Hinterland. PB, I'll be emailing you shortly for your mailing address.
Leave now to simmer- Oh what a hoot!
Contractors say there is little of no security for the supply convoys
is inside me.
Kami-sama: Joshua Tsubaki Wu
This is why I identify as Agnostic. What is that exactly?
“Sort of” being the key, helpfully parenthesized, words. I still haven’t updated Kurama’s, Endrance’s, or Vayne’s journals properly yet, and despite being some of my favorite characters ever, they can sometimes be extraordinarily difficult to write for. If I’m not in the right mindset for them, they can be horribly, horribly off, Endrance and Vayne especially. At least with Kurama, I have years of experience with RPing him, and I’m a little better adjusted to keeping him (mostly) IC.
THANKS FOR THE TITLES. Enjoy.
We are just as guilty as anyone else.
I drove to the antique mall the very next chance I got and the rug became MINE! Of course, I couldn't take it home with me because it's underneath a pile of crap, but I am okay with that. I waited this long, what's a couple more days?
"I guarantee you, every single person that signed up for Instagram on that first day thought it was a filter app, and that's it," remarks Systrom. But the "filter" aspect (which I talked about in part 1) is not what it was really about, and it's certainly not why Facebook paid 1 billion dollars to acquire Instagram. It's really all about sharing photos. I'm not on Instagram (yet) so I can't speak from experience, but to hear Systrom speak about it, you would think you were about to embark on the "It's A Small World" ride at Disneyland. He calls it "one of the first truly international social networks" because the means of communication is visual rather than verbal:
The term 'reviewer', just like 'publisher' or 'editor' comes with years of skill, practice and punishment. They're terms you earn the right to call yourself when you prove it. Emailing the subject alerting them to your shonky work and expecting thanks isn't called 'reviewing', it's called being a hack.
“We looked at search and rescue, oil spill response, maritime domain and maritime safety and security issues,” said Walter Berbrick, assistant research professor in the War Gaming Department at the Center for Naval Warfare Studies. “They were all fictional scenarios.”
When I unveiled the GoGo squeeZ to the girls they were happy to give it a try. Because it wasn't grapes or bananas and it came in a package which made them think it might just be junk food. Ha! Take that, Jessica Seinfeld!
According to Balisacan, the source of poverty ”has to do largely with its inability to achieve – and sustain - income growth substantially higher than its population growth.” Is this exactly how economic professors at the University of the Philippines teach economics to their students? How should the government sustain economic growth in the first place? By making new laws and economic policies? So, the government could just fix economic and poverty problems by simply issuing new redistributive programs? But what is the primary source of wealth?
I got a notice that the first book available from my list is Ann Patchett's State of Wonder! I've been excited about this one since before it was published, but I've been dragging bootay on actually reading it. This is one I'd love to purchase since I hate dragging around bulky hardbacks, but as my wallet is currently squished under the load of books I'd like to buy, I'll be sticking with the library's copy and hoping I don't develop carpal tunnel from holding it. Also, I have an employee with a VERY similar name to Ann Patchett. Kinda weird!
The GOP want an elitist society run by the haves, and can't be bothered with looking at the bottom of their shoes to the fate of the have-nots.
1 small piece ginger
An inexact, subjective art form, to be sure, but here is a good article for picking fonts for your publication. Some page designers, including many at decent-sized newspapers (ahem, Telegram), give little thought to keeping their look modern, much less arranging the fonts in a way that is appealing.
As I was writing it, I kept imagining my editor expressing doubts, and even worse, the scathing reviews if anyone read it in its current messy state. It was starting to get longer and longer, more and more out of hand. It wasn't right. "Keep it simple," my agent said. Good advice.
Or something that didn’t involve running.
W-Water-How much do you drink a day? About 80oz on good days
Rear wing
It's easy to put back together at this point. You only have five screws to keep track of. Of course, the reason for doing all this was to clean each part. You may need some WD-40 or oil to lubricate the shutter mechanism. They get old and gunky and tend to stick. Just coat liberally with your preferred lubricant and wipe the excess off. Put her back together and go take some pictures!
I chose to write about the first moment I saw my husband. It is what began a love story that has lasted for twenty years. He is the love of my life and I am blessed every day.
During dinner the bride and groom came back out… and it was then my turn to give my speech and do the vows for them. (it went well… they were very moved) … we went back to our tables.. and the host decided to play some silly games with the people in the crowd. After that…. the entertainment was called up on stage. Two male Chinese singers…(not very good… they seemed to have drunk a lot before hand)… a dancer…he did a…kind of Michael Jackson ..dance impression….(poor MJ would turn over in his grave if he saw that one).… a very handsome, Black American man did a love poem in Chinese ..(had a nice James Earl Jones voice)... and I had the last spot… to perform my traditional Chinese song .. in Chinese of course…. I think I surprised everyone with my performance…. I got a standing ovation. (I could see Michael’s smile from the stage)..One person told me they had never heard a foreigner sing that traditional song before.. and especially in Chinese….(I was a little proud of myself)
So the 3 mentioned above are my primary divination techniques, I am familiar with other divination techniques as well but these are the ones I am most comfortable with.
Enjoy The Journey!
Ok so I didn't fix it when I got home but I'll get it now.
Tish is 8 years older than I am and I think back then people were taking bets that it wouldn't last. Not too many guys were marrying older women. On the other hand, 2 of my 3 brothers married older women and they're still married, too. The third, alas, is not. Neither are any other of the friends and relatives whose weddings I went to around that time. It's no easy job keeping a marriage on track.
Head over to the Glorious Treats Blog to find three variations to this base recipe which includes a Chocolate Cream Cheese Frosting and a Strawberry / Blackberry Frosting too.
But that would be to imply that those associations carried just as much political import as those of Jane Doe numbers One, Two and Three.
I hope you enjoyed today's projects. I will be back again this week to share more. Thanks so much for stopping by.
When the low moon begins to beam
My birthday was last week and one great thing about having a birthday is all the free stuff you can get. I'm not just talking about gifts from friends and relatives, but gifts from many restaurants. So I though I'd share the best restaurants with birthday clubs you can sign up for online and get free stuff/coupons. Most places will e-mail you the coupons a week before your birthday and they are good until a week after your birthday, so you have 2 weeks to fill up on free food. After all the eating out we've been doing the past couple weeks, I may need to up my workout routine! (Birthday calories don't really count though, right?
In a second experiment, 101 adults were shown either a neutral video or an emotional video about children in poverty. They were then given 10 fake dollars and told they could give as much as they liked to a stranger. Those who were less religious gave more when they saw the emotional video first.
A more light-hearted theory – my own – is that the morning after the kind of night where a woman wears eyeliner, the kind of night that includes a passionate throw-down, we all look a little like Alice Cooper.
6) I got my first I Blog fan mail. I am touched. :)
Fantasy List:
10. La Ragazza Del Padre (01:45)
“Make haste, and get thee quickly out of Jerusalem; for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me.”
Lovelock previously worked for NASA and became a guru to the environmental movement with his “Gaia” theory of the Earth as a single organism. In 2007 Time magazine named Lovelock one of its “Heroes of the Environment,” and he won the Geological Society of London’s Wollaston Medal in 2006 for his writings on the Gaia theory.
Means: "Please don't try on one more outfit, I'm starving."
I had a pre-Thanksgiving chat with a friend on the phone while trying to figure this all out. I said I was trying to figure out how to cook Dan and Marilyn. He told me not to serve a potatoe with them. Will anyone reading this laugh at the 20-year-old political humor?
‘tamboran is competent’ ‘Cretin’s bottom apeman.’
Top Copyright Photo: Mark Durbin.
Current Weight: 279.8
You get to see the seals (Common Seal) on the way, last time we saw a Sea eagle & you get great banter from the Captain. We've always done the trip where you get dropped off for 1 1/2 hrs, run round a bit, eat a quick picnic & then hop back on the boat for a delicious hot chocolate & a bumpy (because the wind's picked up!) ride back to the pier.
I am not even entirely sure what a yarn is. Mark Twain was popular in his own time, so all the popular books? Books where the character tells outrageous lies?
We should all do what we can.
But don't have no choice, no way
What a terrible thing my government did to those people!
Figure out what your goals are, and pursue them. But pursue them logically, armed with information, and don't be afraid to change your goals if the information changes.
OK, that's the crime bit----
The whole summer is ahead of us and there's SO much to be thankful for!
Mack the dog is now back to his normal scatty self and i`ve also started, again! on the new allotment, so i`ve been pretty busy with clearing the weeds, digging over and sowing some seeds etc.
Where is the LOVE? = By Black Eye Piece
Edmondson: Well actually that scene took about two-and-a-half days. The whole scene with the fight in the kitchen.
Yes, I was excited. Yes, hugged the book tightly to my chest. Yes, I may have blown off the renos to dig into it.
Bill Burton
I’m having an investigative operation mid month and Sim and I have decided to see if we can identify my migraine and IBS triggers a bit clearer too.
So last weekend I met my sister and niece at a Fall Festival the next town over. After about an hour or so of being her normal playful self, Paige had a meltdown. A major meltdown. A fall on the ground, kick her feet, scream and cry like I'm abusing her type of meltdown. My first reaction? Oh my gosh - what just happened? Did she get stung by a bee or something? And then I realized she was throwing a tantrum and so I had another thought - absolute mortification. As I struggled to strap a screaming, kicking toddler into her stroller, people turned and looked at me like I was the worst parent in the world. I'm sure they were thinking - "Wow. She really needs to control her child." or "She needs to discipline her child." And after I got Miss Paige strapped in her stroller, I gave a quick wave to my sister and made a beeline for the car. Before we even left the parking lot, Paige was asleep in her car seat. The tantrum was because she was tired - not because she is out of control or a bad kid or for lack of discipline on my part. It's be
Colouring: Promarkers & Prismacolors.
I normally make my version of the Korean bean sprout and cabbage side dishes when I make kal-bi. I love the sprouts, but along with them, I wanted something else. Eggplant. I came up with this and even Chaz was happy with it. I think “really like” was his word choice.
the day after the show, Chris and I were treated to a day in NYC- I am talking the Natural History Museum, Central Park, China Town, dinner under the Brooklyn Bridge, and a night in Time Square…the whole trip was unbelievable. If you ever go to NYC, go with people who love it there. We couldn’t have had a better time!! Even the ride home was a treat; 10 hours with dear friends we love sharing life with- wow! What a weekend. We came home to our girls, lovingly cared for by Chris’ parents and boy, did they have a lot of fun too! We have SO much to be grateful for.
You look down and close your eyes, droopy. Then expand and stand tall. Raise your face to the sky, turn your hands out, and ask. Out loud. Ask for what you want with your whole heart. (I did it a few times, and it worked so profoundly, I was scared to ask any more. Mistake!)
F is for all things Fantastic.
or try-
Then yesterday I participated in a local 5K run. I had planned to do the “jog a little bit, then mostly walk, then repeat” that I had read about and that I thought my fellow Optifaster had done in Disneyland. But I actually jogged about 65-70% of the trail (amazingly for me) because I was doing OK and also due to peer pressure, since everyone else was jogging. And I had lots of people slimmer than me and younger than me behind me. So I was thinking, wow, I’m pretty good! Although of course it was only 3 miles and a half marathon is 15.
Use filtering and tracking software on all computers, but don’t rely solely on this software to screen cyberbullying and other problematic online behavior.
It was learnt that the anti-Azazi elements also said that an NSA should be seen, not heard.
Zombieland, on the other hand, takes the genre and makes it funny, a lot like Shaun of the Dead did but using a title that starts with Z and doesn't compete with Star Wars for inclusion in my A-Z Challenge. Come for the double-tap, stay for Bill Murray's biggest regret. Zombieland had a great style, and the acting in it was perfect...the cast played it like it was real without overacting or getting too campy, which can work if done right (see Evil Dead 2), but that's a crap shoot that can kill a movie if it backfires.
The footy fanfare hasn't ended here yet - Australia have made the Rugby World Cup finals. Wish us luck for this weekend, the Wallabies gotta beat those All Blacks.
So wedding season is coming up .. as well as vacations .. party nights down the shore .. summer time dates .. and so on .. And of course you HAVE to have a new dress for each occasion, *eek* if you wore the same dress twice, what a fashion crime!
Take first bite.
Maybe someday it will come to a town near you.....
While dating websites here let you to know a person, like them, have coffee, go for dinners, have sex, and maybe get married – all depending on just your choices and decisions, websites for our country have profiles made by parents or siblings asking for ‘tall fair slim Masters degree’ people for their kids or siblings to get (directly)married. When there is no choice but to marry some Tom, Dick or Harry, how is that marriage qualified to be a ‘choice’ marriage? Because you chose the best fit of the people shown to you because you could not say no to it at all?
As far as the ninja part of things, most of Ethan's training consists of him carrying around a coffin on his back throughout the Hong Kong countryside. Yes, he carries a full-sized coffin on his back. Now forget for a moment whether there is anything (or anyONE) in this coffin; it's still a coffin being carried all over on a guy's back. That makes this guy pretty much invincible already in my book. In Phantasm, Angus Scrimm's Tall Man was able to pick up a coffin himself and load it in a hearse... but carry it all over California? There's a reason his part wasn't played by a ninja, I guess.
I liked that we got to see a few of Luce's previous lives, and I liked the constant action. There was no time while reading that I was bored or thought the pacing was slow. I sped through Passion because of this. The twist at the end was a bit obvious. I think we all knew something was up with Bill. I expected him to be someone else, though, so his true identity was a nice surprise.
Do you have smoke detectors? Fire extinguishers? Carbon-monoxide detectors?
*Well…maybe not EVERY time that I play, but close enough.
Nietzsche instead exalted tragedy, chaos, disorder and irrationality, symbolized by the god Dionysus, god of growth and drunken orgies. He claimed that Socrates had turned the world instead to the worship of Apollo, god of the sun, light, order and reason. But the fate of Nietzsche’s god Dionysus was soon to overtake Nietzsche himself; as Dionysus was literally torn apart by the Titans, supernatural monsters of the underworld, Nietzsche’s mind was to be cracked asunder by his own inner Titans.
Especially me. And damn the luck, I got a shot at him. When I discovered our date was based on a dare someone posed, I retaliated by publishing excerpts of his personal journal in the college’s monthly newsletter, The Bugle.
Good luck and the drawing will be on Jan 14th so you have plenty of time. :)
Joe Porcaro (d)
 Will make it ever easier for an even greater flood of their kind to get into the country, and will make it easier for all the illegal-alien criminals that are already here to be granted amnesty (and eventually, citizenship).
HDMI cable is used for broadcasting the high definition video and audio stream on the multimedia devices. HDMI (High-Definition Multimedia Interface) is also used as an alternative to the old analog standard broadcasts. The interface of these cables is mostly used with the digital video and audio devices, which include the gaming consoles like Xbox 360 and PS3.
Arab News
Point Presenter #2: Mary Jane Boscia
You might not know this tidbit of history, they also managed to set another record by beating us in three unique uniforms. They beat us in their Home Jersey, their Away Jersey, and in their Retro Jersey (the one with the throwback yellow helmets and white pants).
The OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) convention against bribery, to which Britain signed up in 2001, rules that investigations should not be influenced by the national economic interest, or the potential effect upon relations with another state; the allegations pre-date 2001, when the OECD convention was incorporated into British law- but if deemed ethical today ….. (fill in your own thoughts)
It’s okay to break the ground-cover plants into two or three sections. Just gently pull them apart at the roots.
- needle - size 14 or 16 or so, large enough for your ribbon to fit
the same humming love
The main construction has taken place in the East end of Glasgow were the building of one of Europe’s biggest indoor facilities will be held. The athletics stadium – the national indoor sports arena and the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome – and the athlete’s village will be home to more than 6,500 competitors and officials in 2014. The new neighborhood of more than 1,400 socially rented and private homes will then be used in the years after the games.
Fast forward...
AP/Yahoo Finance, 04/03/2012
What Joyce is said to have done is a disgrace — anyhow, I hope he never sets foot in Westminster again.
His sons and daughters and grandchildren loved him very much. He was looking forward to his birthday party very much, and although 90 he still had all his faculties and liked to have fun. The party got underway, all the family were there eating,drinking,chatting and generally having a good time.
In case you didn’t know, the cheddar bagel is a plain bagel that has been baked with cheddar cheese on top. The cheese gets nice and crispy on top and then congeals and pools in the centre of the bagel. It’s absolutely delicious. Also, there is more than one take on a cheesy-esque bagel. There is also the Asiago bagel, which, I don’t care for as much because the cheese is far too overwhelming during those two middle bites, but it’s a worthy substitute when the bakery runs out of cheddar bagels. Cheddar bagels are delicious. It doesn’t matter if you eat them 6 hours after a trip to the bakery, 1 day later, or 2 days after the fact (though, they never last longer than 6 hours in my household, they’re too darn good), you don’t have to reheat them, slice them down the middle and put cream cheese on them or anything. Just take from the bag you stored them in and have a big, healthy bite. They ooze of cheese and happiness. It’d be divine bliss to have one with a cup of Starbucks (must be why there’s a Starbucks right acro
It turned out that most respondents described a fairly equal distribution as the ideal – something similar to the wealth distribution in a country like Sweden. They estimated – correctly – that the U.S. has higher levels of wealth inequality. However, they nevertheless grossly underestimated the actual inequality, which is far higher still. Especially the bottom two quintiles are almost non-existent in the actual distribution. There was much more consensus than disagreement across groups from different sides of the political spectrum about this. From the current policy debates one would not have expected that. They go on to ask the question:
Since I have had kids, I have been a "loose routine" sort of mom. We sleep when we are tired and eat when we are hungry, but have had a loose routine based on time-oriented things that are a part of our lives. When I was managing apartments, there was certain work that had to be done on certain days. I had to be up and dressed, ready to be in the office by a reasonable time in the morning. Loose weekly routines have revolved around dance or yoga classes, library story times and home school play days.
As his blossoms drop to the ground."
So that's what's shaking around these parts. Can't wait to see all the Before and Afters linked for this Met Monday!
Yesterday I received the coveted Versatile Blogger Award from Sandra over at She Can’t Be Serious. For those unfamiliar with this particular WordPress honor, it’s a way for avid WordPress bloggers to pat each other on the back while generating more hits. Recipients are supposed to list seven little-known facts about themselves and then spread the award around by providing links to twelve or fifteen (I’m not sure which it is) other bloggers’ sites.
Specialty Risk Services and their corporate ass munching dickhead attorneys Scheminske and Lyons* are certainly willing to drag things out.
12:30PM - Prepare milk infusion for bread sauce. Parboil the potatoes and parsnips. Once parboiled, drain and either shake the pan or run the tines of a fork over the sides of the potatoes to rough up the edges. Leave to air dry.
I am haunted by an eyeless cat I met this weekend. We didn't need to go to Petsmart, but we were shopping nearby, and The Geej wanted to go "see the animals." There are always adoption events on the weekends put on by various local animal rescue groups, and generally there are a fair number of cats, kittens, puppies and dogs you can interact with, and some you can even hold or pet. They had moved the canine adoption candidates inside the entryway of the store because of the heat. It was crowded and unfortunately, for the dogs and for us, it wasn't very easy to interact with or even see the puppies. We made our way inside, and halfway down the main aisle, there were tables with cages set up on them, and in the cages were cats and kittens ready to be adopted. Each cage had a laminated page attached to it that gave the cat's name and some information about it. The second cage held the eyeless cat. Full grown with a coat of long, cream-colored fur, she sat perched in her little fabric hammock that hung from the cage's four corners, quiet
My last "what should I read next" poll had a clear winner with Throne of the Crescent Moon, which has already been receiving high marks (I liked it as well, but that comes later). Being a bit of a contrarian I wanted to also pay some service to the low-runner in the poll: Faith by John Love. Why was it the low-runner? I suspect it has to do with the book being Sci-Fi while most of the others were Fantasy of one stripe or another. Fantasy still trumps Sci-Fi in terms of fandom, in the US at least, but it really shouldn't especially with something as special and different as John Love's debut Faith.
Newscorp’s Rebekah Brooks is now, I hear, also in the frame. Murdoch is due in London next wek. This can only get better. Stay tuned.
Rating: G in the U.S. and Canada (extra material not rated)
I am the host for this week's challenge here in the Tea Room, and I'd love to see you all create a card or project with a tag included on it! You can have full creative license here ... create a set of tags to top your holiday packages, create a card with a tag on it, create a pocket card with a pull-out tag. We want to see your creative juices flow here this week ... bring us your best TAGS!!!
Du Monde
"What she loves is what she shares!"
Animal Husbandry by The Hickoids
-Comment: A young boy barefeet in buckskin Lederhosen with H-style suspenders (pictured). Only this very short scene. One even younger boy in pants with suspenders and some other boys, mostly in long black, maybe cotton pants. Some sailors at the beginning and end, also a brief scene with a boy in sailor suit. Nothing more is shown. Some young men have long collar flaps. One collar (medium length) is shown at close up, but the man is much older (gray hair). Also some altar boys (red/white clothing).
This wasn't an official CBE event, but there's no reason more of us can't organize such get-togethers on the website or Facebook group page. Feel free to use these forums to schedule the kinds of beer events you want. There certainly is an audience on either site.
4. eh, they’re cool – these are the people you pick out in crowds of people you don’t know. the ones you talk to when you have no one else, but you don’t always like. Often times, these are the people you only hang out with because they’re friends with your friends
Burt Prelutsky—6/21/10
So tonight Fred and I took the motorcycle out for a spin. The temps were fairly warm and the weather beautiful. Very nice ride until a green Subaru Forester decides to switch lanes without looking to see if anyone was there (US, WE WERE THERE…), then they waved at us… like “thanks for letting us in”… we didn’t… Fred was the one flipping the bird that time… sorry ladies, but switching lanes again and rolling down your window sheepishly looking at us after nearly killing us is not an acceptable apology.
Contemporary wine goblets
The Stork Fund is on Pinterest! Have you heard about this latest social media craze? It’s a virtual pin board that allows you to organize all the wonderful things in your life. In a word, it’s amazing!
Some pics of us in the theater 2 hrs early
After my husband came home and told me that Mom's Cafe has the BEST Chicken Pot Pie...I became obsessed with finding one that he would love.
-Let the yarn burn until it’s all the way out or at least 20 sec.
Why is there so much failure in the Modern Church? I believe the answer lies in the fact that many of those who are serving in 5-fold Ministry positions were called by men (maybe even their own selves), not God and others are acting out of their own vain imaginations. As a result, there is no true priestliness.
When I saw this image of the men, I knew I wanted to use them. Then I found this particular quote and suddenly, my art journal was formed. I'm not here to stir controversy about the disease but it's my way of remembering those who died from this dreadful disease.
4. Romaine, red leaf and green leaf lettuce, .77/ea. at Sun Harvest (through 12/15/10)
If the world really does end according to your prediction, then I will:
If your link was featured this week, feel free to help yourself to a featured button from my side bar. And now for the top ten!
“When we have a difficult time receiving, we block the flow of life.” Pg 47
1 overdrive
So for a zestier lunch today add a little something extra to your meal, try some salsa or guac or mustard and while your taste buds expand and explode with new flavors you can also enjoy knowing that your waist will not!
We’ve got plenty! One of the many projects on our “before graduation” list is a new deck and patio. We are well on our way and have a plan to get it done in plenty of time. Let’s just hope it isn’t the old “best laid plans.” The retaining wall was built over spring break. Now we are on to the deck. Hubby has been digging holes. Every night after work he comes home and digs, and digs, and digs.
endures the
now, I consider anything fun, as long as my son is having fun. The other day I spent a majority of the day following him around outside as he explored a huge field, played in the dirt etc. Walking around a field is NOT my idea of a "fun" day, but at the end of the day I realized that I had had a really enjoyable, and relaxing day just walking around hanging out with my son and watching him learn, play and enjoy himself immensely outside.
Spinach
In lieu of flowers, memorials may be made to the charity of your choice. Groce Funeral Home, Asheville.
There are exception, of course, including an outlet of the old Brooklyn Fire Department. One sight I always look forward to is the bygone grandeur of the Twenty-Sixth Ward Bank Building. A stately, salmon-colored-stone building, it gracefully curves around a southwest corner on the far end of Atlantic. (See my lousy, taken-from-a-taxi photo above.) It's obviously been out of commission for some years, though something appears to be happening to it; in the last year, the top two stories of the bank were replaced by some new construction. Condo? Thankfully, the handsome base of the building remains.
That brings us to a very big question we need to answer in today’s world. If God is compassionate, and has the ability and the willingness to heal, why aren’t more people healed?
It was a herd of several hundred buffalo moving steadily towards the vultures. By this time, we had established that the three Mahlathini males had killed a large buffalo bull in the area, and the buffalo were heading straight towards them! We went ahead and sat with the lions, who were still at the kill, but watching the approaching buffalo intently. As the first few buffalo bulls leading the herd saw the lions, they ran in, and the lions quickly gave way and moved off!
I was shocked. It didn't say "Do it Yourself" at all. In fact, it confirmed, in that instant what happened that Thursday night as being completely real.
Honors composition was a challenging class. All year I’ve had to push myself to think outside the box and expand my creativity. In the end, it was all worth it.
Perhaps I was being a little harsh on turkeys yesterday. I mean turkeys are noble birds right? Ben Franklin even wanted to make our national bird a turkey (although God only knows why, am I right?)
Pegaso is the fourth vessel for the owner, who is passionate about ocean conservation, and outfitted accordingly: 10,000nm range, dynamic positioning system, five-person VAS submarine with diver-lockout function, full HeliOps, extensive rebreather and dive operations centre, recompression chamber, scientist accommodations, wet and dry laboratory area, dedicated video-editing suite and more.
What a week. We’ve been huddled up at home, braving the ever-changing Indiana weather, and loving being complete.
If we are to understand that the goal of education, for the president of RBI, is to supply workers, then our current system of education has been very successful, very profitable for business owners.
Punch: MS Heart Lace
""In her autobiography Being and Becoming Myrna Loy referred to the way she was cast in exotic roles in her early film and dismissed her participation in Ham and Eggs at the Front as ‘shameful’:
Now I have to confess, I don’t always follow the Reaction Rule. The difference is that I know I’m making an error and put it in anyway. In the end I usually just restructure that error to make it correct or cut it. That’s probably for the best.
That awaken truth’s true intent
“I use a defense when I’m playing as a black,” Inn added. “It’s very aggressive. It expresses a lot of emotion, a lot of anger. It’s called Sicilian Dragon. And I’m good at that in the game chess, but in life I need to slow down.”
Softly Falling Snow
Anyway, where I have been the past few days? Working away on the layout for my little Annabelle. No pictures, as yet. I want to have a little bit more put together first. ;)
This year I am especially grateful for the opportunity… With all that is going on with my parents and their health, I was going to cancel the trip…. And we paid for it last year, so that would’ve meant no refund! ….
SUN – beef and broccoli stir fry, egg rolls, rice
The Secret of Shadow Ranch---Dave Gregory was the cowboy who captured Nancy's heart in this one. It's a little worn on the corners, but really, for as many times as I read this one, it's in remarkably good condition.
14. Yobosayo (Moonbase)
5-But I trust in your unfailing love. I will rejoice because you have rescued me.
Please allow me to make an assumption that you have a basic understanding of computer networking, such as the knowledge of how to connect computers to a hub/router with RJ45 cables, what an IP and MAC address is, and so on. However if you have questions, as always – don’t hesitate to ask. Furthermore, here is a good quick rundown about Ethernet - on Wikipedia of all places.
But, it’s a required reading for pre-marital, marital, and post-marital counseling.
As Moses supposes his toeses to be!
It got really cold and rainy Saturday. So no beaches. And it got really chilly too at night. It's still very chilly right now. I'm trying to enjoy the cool weather, because in a month, the heat is going to start burning up my part of the world. It's going to get hotter and more humid as the months go along. And come June, it'll be hurricane season again til the end of September. But that's life--things happen, time moves on, and things change. We just keep on living and moving forward.
Winner: Sheamus
WHEN – Timeframe
Just enough.
MJ: You have toured with the likes of Dizzee Rascal and The Prodigy, how does it feel to be alongside such big acts?
God and Ancestrally Bless.
Why do I have such fond memories of a home so apparently horrifying?
If you’ve been in a guild for any amount of time, you have stories. You know the ones I mean: they become guild jokes, nicknames, and when you need encouraging between wipes, they come up during AFK’s. I adore story time.
yea you all need but not me,
She was mentoring a new volunteer
and to end this all on a brighter note, that kid I have a crush on, Keith, yea he’s talking to me more and more now :3 I really like him. he gets my mind off things.
Oh, for heaven’s sake. You’ve got to be kidding.
Have a safe and wonderful New Year!!
You know what, enough! I shall say no more. See for thyselves, the wonder that is…
and one of wounds
1/2 cup green peas, fresh or frozen
:: rubbed sandpaper on a spackled seam and walked in a pantry in my home that isn't there...
Many people now understand and appreciate an organic garden’s healthy benefits, and are looking for a good organic gardening guide that teaches them how to start their very own organic garden. If you are looking for one, it is necessary to find a guide that educates you, the beginner, to advance organic gardening methods.
Want to check out my guest spot at Start Your Own Small Biz? Here it is:
I've also got a review up today over at Stephen Parrish's. And a very nice review it is. In fact, I'm so pleased with it, I'm thinking about having it tattooed on my forehead. Or at the very least, this pull quote, "The prose is stylish, sensitive, and refined, the result of a natural born poet tackling a larger canvas. Plum Blossoms demands a second reading merely for the beauty of its language. The promise of the author's next novel, and writing career, is high."
Fellow Republicans, it is the cause of Republicanism to resist concentrations of power, private or public, which enforce such conformity and inflict such despotism. It is the cause of Republicanism to ensure that power remains in the hands of the people. And, so help us God, that is exactly what a Republican president will do with the help of a Republican Congress.
I lived in Hammersmith in west London, the wedding was in Hertfordshire, north of London. Thinking about it now, the sensible thing would have been to go and stay with my parents (also Hertfordshire) and get ready there. But my brain didn't work like that. Instead I arranged to drive right across London, west to east, to Laura's parents' house in Woodford. We'd get ready together, then drive to the wedding.
it was just simple looks and glances,
1 exit
…. hypothetical past situations?
“The new judges will mark the end of the era in which the court has been annulling the reform laws proposed by the government of VMRO DPMNE,” said Aleksandar Nikolovski, a legislator from the ruling party.
The idea is essentially docu-fiction, following the life of a casting director as he goes about his duties while waiting to have a first meeting with the woman who is to be the love of his life. It deals with themes of love and identity, as well as nostalgia and memory and is heavily and deliberately inspired by the films and directors of the French New Wave, specifically Jean-Luc Godard.
on the sofa she flopped
Yesterday was pretty flat. The only decent thing was that I found the Flemish Giant I have been looking for–for about 9 years–pretty much since Wubbies (That’s right, I named my blog for a rabbit.) the bunny of all house-trained, swimming, traveling, dog-trapped in a bunny bodied animals passed on. After there was no more Wubbies, I was pretty much like, “Can’t bring him back, might as well go for the next best thing.” (Wubbies was born on my birthday. He was a miracle. He was pretty much my first fur baby as a married person. I cried for like a month straight when he died. Loved him–and no critter has EVER gotten into my heart that much till Saint.) Hense, the search began for the PERFECT Flemish Giant, a blue. I just LOVE blue animals. Yesterday, I found him–of all places on hoobly; and half an hour away. Not 3 hours away. Turns out MOH has to do a job near there and can pick him up today.
Whether that is sending Albums up too Armidale or in this case, being a Dad and pushing my son’s band.
Australian money, however, holds value. Although I still have no idea how a small piece of plastic can be worth $100, at least our gold reserves match with the physical money printed.
Anyone that saw Britain’s Got Talent last night, would have seen little Malaki Paul break down in tears, in the middle of his rendition of Listen by Beyoncé.
Sister Rosario sat on her huge desk, half smiling, half asleep, from what I could tell. 'Go to sleep children', she would say 'as gaeilge' (in Irish), which meant we had to fold our arms on the desk in front of us and bury our heads and pretend to fall asleep. This actually meant that she was about to have a doze!
The last Broken Social Scene record before their 5-year hiatus (which was less a hiatus and more a chance for the band members to release solo records with rest of the band as support) was less universally well-regard than its predecessor You Forgot It In People, and presented yet another facet of the band, who seems to do something different with every record; abandoning the tightly structured and highly organized style of YFIIP in favor of throwing walls of sound at the listener, not exactly sprawling but rather tumbling messily from section to section, in the process crafting a record with a noted tendency to jam. The record often threatens to spill off the rails when that tendency gets out of control, particularly on "Windsurfing Nation," where for some reason they decide to start rapping. There are moments all over the record that are almost over-indulgent, and individually none are, but taken together threaten to overwhelm the album. They don't, but it's a close thing.
Directions: Select serving of parfait glasses that hold 3/4 to 1 cup capacity. In two separate bowls, prepare pudding mixes according to package directions. Fill glasses with alternating layers of vanilla and butterscotch pudding. Chill 5-10 minutes. Garnish parfaits with Jelly Belly beans on top and a fan wafer if desired.
Metphistopheles brings it all home by saying Fregosi makes the list because “One piece for being damaged goods, but 30 pieces for who we traded to get him.”
The 44th stop on Afro-IP's tour of official African intellectual property websites takes Kingsley Egbuonu to war-torn Somalia, where the prospect of peace and ensuing stability is something for which we all fervently hope and pray.
In pursuit of its processing time goals, USCIS will be interviewing applicants on Saturdays, Sundays and during the week after traditional work hours.
